[Music]
Good night family Good night
Today I am in super good company today
We have thrown out the FJ, we have told him
FJ Carmen good night to Elena good
There has been a problem, I told you in
Twitter, there has been a movement and suddenly
Well, we had to do another live show.
improvised, look, when I was
This afternoon live was also a
live improvised from what has come out
of the British royal house and I didn't know that
was going to end up opening another live show for
at night with this bomb but
Elena what had happened because you me
you were sending a WhatsApp and just
I was in
I'm not going to go and watch it directly because
in the subject we were dealing with, no
initial hit and maybe that
Mrs. Loli Huerta was there because
showing off his talents
Communicator Well, this morning
We started with a direct bomb with
set of burning Troy and Tania that
were lying in
simultaneous with a series of news
and news that have left us
all
hallucinated or direct fact simultaneously
the two have each issued together in
Your channel Exactly has reminded me of a
little the interview Antonio David no that
It's like you have an exclusive on your
hands and you don't want to share them
you want to take your all have not felt
that they have not more or less more or less
shared the
exclusive and in the afternoon one of the
affected, well the main affected
that it was Lolly Werta who answered in her
direct open direct to give your
opinion about the live that your
Ex-friends have made theirs this morning
Defenders okay eh
alanne No no that means he has answered
I say live in the morning but this one
direct Of course because I understand that
These people are especially those from Troy
that the other day we were seeing that already
was receiving donations again from
Loli and he was donating to Loli
they had also not made peace
then I understand that it is clear to the
Troy will have warned his friend Hey, I'm going to
do a live show with this theme no no
exactly it looks like it doesn't look like it doesn't
no that's what that's what he has
It seems that they haven't told him anything.
Neither he nor Tanan have warned Loli about it.
what they were going to do and what they were going to put
clear audios from a relative of hers
a relative of Loli
Indeed, that is the question
question
I thought they had warned him
that had your approval I
I thought I knew something and it seems I don't.
He knew nothing nor had his relative told him
neither do they anyway eha
I saw it late because I had L
and such
Hey, me in one of the pieces I saw
Yes, I have called myself. I mean, now. Ah, I have called myself.
realized that she knew nothing
because he
says Well I hope Loli doesn't take it
to bad all this that was in his defense
It was so clear there I realized
that Loli didn't know anything, she didn't know anything
but it is also true that she in her
direct on several occasions because it is not
I did Only once I did it more than
one that they don't have to ask her for
permission to put the audios of your
sister is that they wouldn't even have to
having contacted her and exposed that
conversation that direct It's not that I don't
had to ask permission is that neither
It should not even have been given that
has said or so but I have been
lose a little of this little Lore
Yesterday I commented something very high not from the
Nuri Cris topic, what if I go to Marbella?
That if I come that if I talk to a guy who
If I talk to a cousin, what if I talk to
a brother no but all the content no
What they were complaining so much about
flight because the flight and such that we
we have spoken out precisely here
as against more or less we have not
I've been in a lot but it's like, hey, now
contact this person's relatives
Why If this person already has
content on the internet that you can
comment and if you want to criticize it
You can criticize, no. I mean, what's the big deal?
that of going to call a sister to
a brother and then suddenly those who
They were against putting in moves
private have taken have spoken with a
familiar no and and from what I'm seeing
Here on screen they have put up to the
on-screen photo of the family member
Yes, it has been an exhibition of that
audio that they had authorization to put
okay because the family authorized them
but audios telling the story that that
ladies for what they would have spoken with
they and the photograph as you see in
screen and everything have given their name
all of us the issue of putting audio
Now I don't know if you love me above all
tell a little about how serious they were
the audios that is what they told or
something like that but we of the
I prefer that we don't listen to audios.
to put or rather I think that I think that it is not
necessary to play the same game as
they don't play
not me and apart from that I don't consider that either
I contributed too much, I mean, I want to tell you
eh Hi Pablo eh it doesn't contribute either
you know too much what I want to tell you or
Let the conversation be with me, I imagine.
You may have seen it similar to the
conversation seemed to me like
quite biased as well as quite targeted
and the audios were a bit in response to
what was being told to him in that
conversation and taking into account with
who was having that conversation
Well, there's no need to tell you much.
more of Who are the bad guys of the
movie and and and and the story that they have
actually not effectively counted the
part the parts that are kept from that
conversation parts are being saved
Of course, but it is only with one
part that has been seen because in one
From the audios that have been shown, it was seen
What had been written above is that
simply with that part of the
conversation it is already seen that the
conversation has been directed But
Tell me that because of course I haven't.
I have seen the live stream, I have not followed it, I have not
listened to the audios not even And
then there will be many people in the ch who
be like me and not know what it is
It has been said in the audios what it was that
It has been seen above not to see or rather the
audios were in defense of in defense of
her sister
logically and then making reference
what was being told to him because
clear the story that was being told
telling this woman that she was
has been humiliating his family for a long time
sister denigrating ola
attacking him eh and doing some
accusations of ...
Treat other family members and so on and well
Let's see, it's that we, well, we
We get along well with your sister, this is
It seems horrible, huh? What do we want then?
that you give us your version to defend it and
and dismantle the story that is
counting these people and such and such a little bit
okay, let's start, let's give a
a little more context because if not
There will be many people who are a bit like
I Carmen the context is Eh I understand
that what these people wanted to dismantle
It was what he's been saying, I don't know if
only Nuri Cris or someone else in the
flight is like this or is there someone else not me
I think Nuri Nuri is good, they wanted to be like
that Nuri had not spoken with
Well, first they said there wasn't one
spoken to no one now they really give
because she has spoken with a
part of the family But as to deny
the information that Nuri had given
but it's not that I don't know that they have denied it
only the one about the booklet no the rest no
seen and tamp in a rough way because of course
We have never wanted to deal with it here.
but I think that today with this
controversy because there is no other option, roughly
mode what has been told What is it
Lair has really been told little or nothing
be a small thing from what point from which
You are telling the relative of a
person looks at everything that is happening to him
making your sister and the audios were
How hard, what bad people, this is not
It's good that they do it, the audios were all
in that line more or less were all in
That line, no, my sister is not a monster.
how they are painting because how ugly that
do this because what is that one going to say?
Madam, if I had no context, maybe
general of everything and it is not a thing either
that Mrs. Yo really could have
been the sister of any of
we who are being told Hey to
Your sister is being done this
we should leave her, she's not right there
that leaving what I'm going with the question is
Let's see, I understand that Nuis, I for
example I was listening that night
that I was going to the airport and
I heard on the way, Well, what he was saying, Well,
Look, Irene Len has some kind of
bond with Loli
Huerta, all those things are not worth it, that is.
He told things that had happened
supposedly in the town Loli's
He told familiar things because he didn't know
talk to this one, don't talk to the other one
in today's sister's audios that
These people have put it on live
denies that information or rather no This
That's not what Nuri is saying.
lie the only thing no no no no the
information the only thing of the
Mother's booklet is the only expensive thing
from the booklet What
is that the money from certain donations
had left
eh from the mother's booklet like that
Someone saw movements in the book
from such and such mother and they took Loli out of that
booklet because they saw strange movements
according to Nuri Yes and that is what she tells
Now the Sister says that is not
true the sister has said that
no but or rather or rather really everything
What Nuri has told during this time is
The only thing that is alluded to in the
audios that have been heard
today at
It's that as they sold it as a great
bomb bomb bomb and they didn't want to
share no Hey, well we do it in your
channel we do it in mine not the
intention to see the
main intention was to demonstrate
that Nurin had not spoken to this
lady of the
audios basically was that And you believe
At what point was it said that Nuri
Cris had spoken to this
Mrs. none no no yes Nuri yes she said
that he had exchanged some messages with
This lady at first but she was not
the person who was passing it to him
information no but it was not the person
that he was passing information to him but
yes he said at first that yes
had exchanged with this lady
some message but only that but not
was the person who was not this
person
and you watching the live broadcast now
We will be watching some clips, I am
looking here for example Nuri Cris has
answered and said some invented
cancers and other trips and other having
books and 18 races Hahaha And others
They ask for money to pay for the
rent you believe I have not seen
nothing, let's go, I'm going to see click with you
that the feeling What it has been has remained
denied
These people have come out well.
I can give you my honest opinion on everything.
what they have told about the information
Deprived of Loli is what gives me
Exactly the same Javi, only I
It was important because it was very serious
whether or not he had invented one
I have a disease of that magnitude
If you don't have it, if you pay, if you don't ...
brothers and cousins or nephews gives me
Exactly the same and whatever they say and
Today we will repeat it 25 million times
Whatever other channels say about that
we have been there all the time
talking about the subject is literally
lie If I had wanted to monetize
on this matter I would have done the same
I think I speak by mouthful, don't I?
we have done no and we have had opportunities
had everything in the world, but how
everyone like everyone else but here the
only people who have monetized from
This topic can be said to be Nuri Cris
through the good flight nuric Cris no
he
flight ard of Troy And Tania is over
It is clear that in fact when when
they did it because they marked several
direct talking about this topic eh so much
Tania, as Troy burns and I in my moment
I already said it in a live broadcast that they
were profiting much more from this issue than
what any of us could do
Loli told us today too
I was telling Carmen this earlier today.
and I don't know if you understand what I said
You know what that reminded me of?
today's live stream do you remember nieves
blacksmiths in alcer that the end is supposed
which was very good but was embarrassing
as if to defend or protect something
make a profit then already
intention that attempts is no longer clear
while you are monetizing the matter
Tania since she was known she goes
for all super desperate for him
wanting to find their place in the
platform with which to earn an income or
sea
That the other one had already said no
I wanted them to get in touch with
her sister they respect her they love her
They try to protect why
makes to have the news by sticking the
bombshell, that's it, there's no more
He didn't keep his word, he hit a bombshell.
It was worth it to betray him
your word in this way Look to see or
It is not really Tania's either.
okay, it's not that it's worth much but or
It is no longer because of your word, it is because it is
We already warned you that Cris is working
opening the floodgates to something very dangerous and
and you who have precisely
torn his clothes all this time
time now it turns out that you have committed
exactly the same mistake that is
contact a family member on the first day
lasne the first day that Loli was
He said when the flight left
The first time he spoke about the flight and Tania
in their live broadcast of the two to Tania
contacting the and appointed
Tania and told her that they were going to sue her
even knew perfectly well what
Tania wanted what she has done has respected
what he said has not continued trying
put yourself in context with the family member until
that today has achieved it and has published
the audios are that Tania at that moment
there was already
tried to contact this same one
person and the topic of cancer is not
spoken by what ABS nothing
in what we have heard no but I
for me there are parts of it over there
the audios that we have not heard, yes
I know why you haven't posted a conversation
complete but the audios that she likes
Loli liked it and also said that
They have been cutting it off, why not?
They published everything that was noticeable that there was
cuts I don't know if the cuts harm her
or they benefit her I don't know Of course
then the information above is not it
you are not doing well because maybe
You have there some information that is
important then also the sister
He supposes that he had spoken with Tania but
the or rather the exchange of
messages were towards Tania, she spoke like
with Tania but you had the messages
of
Troy u But he also said that
Loli, why did she have these messages?
and the messages had been sent to her
sister to Tania, there is what I know
What happens is that she could have
problems with WhatsApp web or whatever
be and have been passing the messages for
that the other publishes them can be yes or
among themselves they have been commanding
the messages During this time that have
been talking to Loli's sister
gossiping among themselves Look what I
He said, look, Tom goes, Tom goes, this is it.
We publish this, no, this, yes, but of course
see it's like it makes everything unbalanced
a lot because if you are preparing that
what a great live show it is
your life bomb Boom I'm not going to blow it up with
This is not true, if you have Loli, why not?
You do the live with Loli because Hey
Loli Look, we have this, it authorizes us to your
sister that Loli has never been
I agree with this Javi was going to say no
and the bombshell ended and ended
everyone knew that Loli was going to say nool
Loli is late, she says if you don't ask, Ah
Their priority today has been
have this live because they
They speculated that this direct I was going to be
straight from her life and Loli has said it
under no circumstances did I want it to be exposed
that to no one in his family to no one no and
That's why I have to understand her.
Eggs, Uncle Loli was more right today.
that a
saint absolutely all the reasons what
way to defend myself is this clear
He assumes that it is his friends who are giving him
They say that the protection
they feed feed everything they don't stop
feed her they don't want to stop it hasn't
understood yet that he has no friends
here on YouTube that But Javi It's that this
goes beyond Beyond friendships is that
It's not that we are friends anymore or that
let us be collaborating partners or in
what moment does it occur to you that I
I am asking please not to be
I tell my family not to take things out
my private ones and Carmen comes and takes out
puts me in touch with my brother to
To say that I am very good means that
who is her friend and is with her
protecting you by doing something that has been said
who doesn't want it done doesn't do it nor
is that I was going to tell you man in a
context but if they reach you
ask them and they say no and it's a pain
I knew the whole live that's why I didn't
they have asked him something that is
imagine yourself in a context even the
own TV characters, imagine
Carl constancy no that comes to me
head that says you are the son of the sea
Flowers, I don't know what you don't call a cousin
Carl's at most you call the circle
media no I mean super call the mother
or someone who is involved does not
usually with the television world
Alejandra Rubio you don't call the field
a second cousin of Mara Teresa Campo
You don't call either a brother-in-law or yourself those who
They are in the circle not to contrast
information no because in the end you have
to do journalistic work but
I know how that works but on YouTube
It wasn't necessary, I keep saying it.
I said the first day that it doesn't make sense
none where you catch it because we go
Let's see, look for relatives, I don't see it at all.
that what he is talking about is good
see Loli has her dispute with several
channels whatever is perfect and now you
You comment on how we have done here, right?
the content that Loli publishes That is
but let's see that the dispute is obvious and
with us above all for example
you know but we have not
out of the public clear of what is
He told us in a I don't care in a
channel O in another but something that has happened to us
told me in public your private life
It doesn't matter a [ __ ], of course he doesn't see it
the sense So what is a person going to tell you?
familiar about the content that Loli or
about the disputes that Loli has in
YouTube So what am I going to do?
clarify So what they have gone to is
I understand that things that she has told
about his private life, not about whether he has money
you have no money if you have this disease
I think it was mostly the money issue
the subject was illness but the subject
disease as harsh as it may sound
In the end it was done because that is what it was
used as a shield and as a weapon
for many months exactly too
Of course, that's why it came about, that is.
If apart from what you have used as
weapon against us for so long
time she apart has other things
that those things are no longer important to me, that is
I care what you have used against
we because because because yes I believe
because the disease issue is obvious
has used it against us
million times Clear but controversial
Of course, many of the controversies have been
to that disease yes by the
illness but it has happened to me
money too but good in order to
account is nonsense but the dead
from hunger that we were starving
that everyone wanted money that
He also gave it 27 laps then you
You find out that she has nothing left and But
Well, that and that they love us
to involve us in the disease has
very ugly state and they continue to give me that
They are putting a lot in the chat that we
they are putting in throughout the entire live show
of them today absolutely all the
direct and if they had had information
Yes yes to us Because we are the ones
You know the ones we're coming to now
do a live no No gentlemen from the
minute one those who have done it directly
Well in this case Tania direct daily
No, but Troy has been a direct hit.
daily echo of all the
information that was given on the flight
Of course I don't I don't I don't do Echo Of
what they said on the flight exactly
She has already repeated that which she does not want
I don't know what they say about the drink.
repeated they come and every day
They repeat it every day, I repeat it in fact
we have it ok in the first place and no
I'm not supposed to repeat it, wait before
that you put it Javi It's not just that
repeat that constantly and tell me
If the argument doesn't sound right, it's okay.
This lady regardless of whether
have one thing or have the other this
Mrs. Clarissa can independently
answer Yes yes yes no matter what I have
Don't tell her anything if she is calling you
sick they Yes well let's see on the part
about this thing that they are telling us
putting us in that if we
We leave it to Loli that if we are the
hyena as you are telling me they have
said or whatever that already is
We will see a kiss live Many
Thanks Rosaca for those five members
Congratulations on getting point number
one is worth No we have not touched that one
Theme We have always focused
in Loli's content with us your
the controversies they have with the Troy arrow
with Peppa and others and in fact when everything
This happens while I am right
All this happens while my trip to
Thailand When I come back This is it
What do you say to me and what do you tell me?
of the subject or is talking to all of these
relatives and is talking on the flight
I am not commenting on that anymore.
even But it is
reliable I'm not entering Javi Because
I think that Cris is talking to you
people Yes yes other things I don't know what
we are not touching it okay or in other words in
first place we haven't touched it no
we have entered into that topic
things from the day a Javi even before
that you would return to the live shows that
we did the four of us and said the same thing
that in terms of family we were not going to
enter effectively And the second to
that they are naming that if we are the
We ourselves are not the same as little as Y
yesterday when I'm going to start the live broadcast of
the topic of what is going on with the photo
what Nuri is posting about the tweets
This is what I said that he said that
has been
[Music]
taken that he has taken a vacation
or he's on a trip or something like that, okay?
And he's uploading photos
As if I were in Mallorca, I understand.
implying that it is the area where
Loli lives because she has put a couple of
tweets saying look look I'm here in
any street does not look good
Good evening everyone, I'm on a trip, go on
say that I'm angry with him
I am not going to give it a definition.
to what he is doing but of course
a person goes to this is similar to
what they did to me on the forum
threshing not that a person
go for a walk through the surroundings
the surroundings of where one lives
person you are fighting with
It seems to me that it is crossing the line, no
I'm going to put a label on it, I'm not going to
name each one Who decides is worth it
but of course
m don't be Loli whatever it is Or no
Okay then, so the videos are
there who wants to check the
information this is like when I ask
many times it is not that Loli when
stopped donating, they crushed her
They hammered home what Peppa said.
This is what David Flores said and it is what
that has been said over and over again by these people
Please put it on me now, it's going to be a while
year and you still haven't been able to
stop for a week to review
through our channels and put me What is
the pounding that day after day after day
after day we have done to Loli because she is
I still don't know what the crushing is
What did we do to Loli for stopping donating?
No, because it is a lie, that is why you do not have
the clips are fine however I have
been able to file a lawsuit against Loli Huerta
Because I have been able to get into it
channel to time all of its live broadcasts and
present everything she has said about
I'm fine. But anyway, the only thing is
for what I pronounced myself Yesterday when I
whole of this barbarity, look at it yourself
which was to condemn the attitude that was
having Nuri that I already considered Well
What a man I wasn't liking
Okay, and they haven't mentioned that.
supposedly they have said that we are not sure
mentions but quite the opposite that
It is something that has to be seen, but that has even
made reference a little bit to Loli also in
your diro this afternoon that they were giving
like more food to these channels
scavengers we know that we have not
talked about the subject for nothing that I
It matters very little whether you go or do well in your life
private that I have not monetized a single one
Euro at that rate
matter Well, we are nothing who
We are to blame because here we speak or
It is not spoken so as not to benefit us, I don't know
If I explain myself Yes but it is that eye in the
Loli chat while she was saying
truth is like fists because the truth is
said eh were more worried about
jol I spoke this in private, don't tell them
shameless people that I was telling
Loliti, it's true, you were wrong.
said that to them
from all over the world Javi don't give him no give him
They want Loli to swallow the bait.
silent toad swallowed the toad
For
that
Come on, come on, it's just that they are
tremendous the people who follow these channels
Because of course you say let's see no
spoke and you were applauding him when
They are telling us all
insults all the slander that has been heaped on us
done and now these two take it by the
Tomorrow there's a live show with things
private and family and Loli defends herself
on this occasion that you are telling me
I haven't seen it. We'll see it.
Here you are without insult or anything
saying and are saying people for
Please talk about it in private. Of course, of course.
Yes, don't give them meat because they want you to
I swallowed this for sure, good good
Well according to them she is sick that she has
an addiction Well instead of crushing it
According to them she is sick and has a
addiction what do you give me with this I don't do that
said Never according to them because all this
according to them who say that it has a
dependency esp I have I have a message
that according to them I don't know who it is
refers to the fact that the oliverta has a
alcohol dependence okay you can
respond to him with zero self-criticism, he says
Antonio do not mix Anne Elena FJ and
Javi in this that they have not talked about
this
topic exactly We just finished it
effectively check if someone me
can prove otherwise I will
I invite you to take out the clips that
Take out the clips. Upload it and I'll send it to you.
Stream link and upload here with
us and puts the cli here of
when we have
spoken sorry
Sorry says Sorry no but sorry
while thinking Well if you call
let's think
I left Elena FJ and Javi in this that they did not
They have talked about this topic, let's not talk about it.
we are going to be locating South America in
that moment when they have been in each
[ __ ]
direct control
htas
audio is squealing a little because with
who is this yelling at?
drunk who has lost her way and
all this
now but if that is what they are doing to you
calling them is what they are
calling right now they who have not
lost the north leave her because she is not there
good if that's what they're calling it
They eh man let's see what this is
Tania saying, I am saying that it is clear that at such a distance
we have to remember things because they
They forget him And then just like the other
day he did not remember any of the
insults that he had made me that I don't know
Don't worry, I'll give you a list and
you will remember them all not all
things he has said about me and there is another
person who apparently told me that
He will also send you a list
collecting is that you forget the
things that are hours and hours and hours in
the live shows and they forget about it, of course
Tania is saying there man they have
been direct after direct no where to him
They have called drunk and these people already
alluding to us they have done
mention that according to them he did not have
an alcohol dependency does not mean that
that we or other channels do not know
who refers to what we have stated that
Loli drank Vale and Tania what she wanted
Forget me to put the clip on, yes, Pablo
curro curro Pablo curro curro better
put myself in
template Certainly not at the rate it's going
to hit A beautiful summer listen to me that it
What we must remember about Tania is that
first to state in her live performance that
she believes it because she believes it
I fixed everything with him, I don't think Loli
baby is her
Tami, I'm going to you
answer I think that
yes I think I think eh
I think it's a question
heavy but I think I don't know
I think but also
taught other things
Well, to the
better I don't know, it could be an effect not
but I believe when he says mention of others
things it refers to I imagine
medications and things like that and
what he is saying is okay here you have the
screenshot of what you asked
That Tami, that Tami in question,
They deleted them but yes but they are here
answers to the question tami That's me
It seems disrespectful Tania no
you answer that question here
They ask Tami and you drink, that is
Basically a certain Tami asks
Tania does she believe or does Loli drink and
Tania says that she believes that everything is
What Loli does is an effect no and that
They are effects of Well, I don't know if you mix or
things like that no so
Tania one more
Tania one
more I have never never never done
reference if that lady drinks if she doesn't drink
If it seems like he's been drinking, I can never
have my thought but never in
no live show the closest I've ever had
said to that was once that they told me
something in the chat and I answered man for
to talk in that way about the deceased
some colleagues I think would be
better to say Sorry but I have
I've had six drinks. I've done it.
said ever you know exactly It is
that you don't but I haven't called him
alcoholic but I have sometimes
said something like that but I'm clear
It's one thing for you to say that someone
is happy or what or what is
behaving like a person who
I didn't say it like the defense knows that
The defense could be better if it said
Look, forgive me for talking about
your mother in those terms because I have
drunk whiskey I would say it so that I would get it
put deu anes or something that you impute
that someone is hooked that someone
is an alcoholic that someone
Noah in case someone says Hey I think
that Loli has been drinking in this live stream
because if not I can't explain this feeling
and this way of ranting that he has
It hasn't been done either, but oh well
Carmen says yes either.
I don't know either, but Carmen has done it
used Yes but Carmen has said it in
the sense in which you are saying it
because I have heard it sometimes from
J to say or to behave as you
you are behaving like I am the only one
The explanation that occurs to me is this
but but he hasn't said
alcoholic no, I haven't said that and it is
that once I don't drink I can't drink
alcohol
and I know and I had a beer, that's it, but
Come on, I didn't call her an alcoholic.
but I think that sometimes it has gone up
I have said it to the live shows, yes I have
said if not I do not understand the
behavior, that is, it is normal
think like this because the behavior is
listening shows the level of how
She gets so aggressive that
Let's go And finally, to clarify the
this point that Tania said, gentlemen
Please, that's it, okay, okay, that's it.
They are on the Flight Channel that I don't know
And this morning I was at yours
Tania and I don't like her and I don't want anything
with you and I was there listening to What
you had to say and unfortunately we are going to
having to listen to you more than it is
I don't understand what's up with it
that more than we would like
We listen to Peppa Beltrn's opinion
about what happened this morning that
He's also caught, eh, he's caught. Yes.
Yes, Peppa has been left wanting more.
to talk and we talked to
see Pepa Let's go my has been
Caught, I have to go with you, eh?
to this program no but when you
you want that when we retire from
YouTube you come and we talk together
We look that I have thought about it before
before opening the live and see if
We open directly. You have patience.
you are very
heavy
Yes, but Tania can, the others can't, I can't.
I see it neither on one side nor the other, I said it
when Tania contacted the sister
by Facebook that I don't know
What do you hear?
echo is now heard echo is now heard echo
Son, have we talked about it or not?
spoken before s Hey this message no eh
Manuela No, because we cannot affirm it.
because I don't know And she says it's not worth it
Manuela heart Don't put those things
please
Ok, sorry, I'll do it again.
share and with this I believe that what I have created has been
wanted to wash the image of Look, don't look at me
ha
blocked listens to you
echo
to see the moon it is very difficult to be in it
fair point because you have to keep quiet
many things especially because although not
Believe it I have been there for two years and
half with a person every day
we have talked about many things about many things
things of many things of many things or
I think we've only
spoken to me about the account with the two
years and a half I don't get it, you have
It was funny how she answered him
Loli, I don't know when this started.
Exactly. The truth is that I don't know.
When did I start seeing them?
I know if April May just before together already
Before, I don't know, they started in January around there or
when is it that I have no idea what has happened
past Ah [ __ ], I'm going to scale because yes
I turn off the camera or like Cool no because it
It has a setting so that if you remove the Im it
fall you are left only with audio but it is
okay okay okay Ah okay well that's better
It's not that I'm here to disable things.
To see if I failed less, I'm not going.
of
here and you have to be very quiet
because we must remain silent
a lot
It is that of this type of insinuations
pppa makes many too many there are s me
I said yes Ah yes, of course we have been two
years and a half talking about a lot of
things about a lot of things yes but
Come on, Luli understood. Okay, well.
I hadn't gotten it, really.
has caught low on defense it is true it is
It is clear that we must keep quiet a lot.
Let's see, you have to keep quiet about everything that
your friends tell you no. I mean, what the [ __ ]?
esone I'm supposed to go, I'll keep quiet with
friends no and with people who are not friends
that I could look at there's a youtuber from
I can tell you these big ones here.
say without counting but that they have me
told this one has been rolled up with the other
This one has hooked up with that one, this one has
done I don't know how much with the other girlfriend
He got into a fight and showed up at this guy's house
YouTube is a mess and I can't do it.
monar knows is
but Jai, what happens to me is that
It happens to me with people on Twitter, man.
that what they told me in
private does not leave the [ __ ] private, that is
is that what I even like people who fall
bad eh people that I dislike more than me
I say I would betray them to the blowpipe
this and what the [ __ ] do I care that I don't
I spoke, you understand me, but it's because of me.
Why do I say this? We're going to see.
that private conversation is the
private conversation you cannot abuse
from a conversation of a person who
He is speaking with the confidence that
is talking in private and you
make public with the diffusion that
We have here because if I wanted
tell if I wanted to say it in public
I would have told it in public, I wouldn't have
I would be telling in private
Of course, but here what Peppa does is
play two things not one first one
veiled threat of I know a lot of things
because I have a position
privileged in this matter, watch out for me
and two of them have the courage to continue
seeing me every afternoon, no wonder
someday I'll let it go okay Don't stop
see me another one who says Peppa has the
key to the question of whether you have
or does not have Peppa is the one who has the
key and knows it perfectly and that's why
of you is a lot And maybe someday
count exactly I think that
audios that have been cut there is also that
There is more information, eh Loli date
realize what a good friend I have been
and you've lost me and you have these two
I don't see what they're doing to you, well
It's also true yes Well of course Yes
But Loli wasn't funny either.
No, no, AB hasn't paid for it with her either.
Luna says what about AR of Troy today with
the sister has been a bombshell against
Loli's seale better to Loli it seems
Well I don't know how I don't talk to
She is neither with him nor with the other me
that I have seen when they told me there is a
Dani and Antonio have wanted a lot
help her I have no doubt about that Mari belg
Well, I have doubts about
You will all understand that I have doubts about that
They want to help her when they have done it with me
behaved disgustingly you will understand that
have doubts I had not seen is that this
people always have the criteria
eh based on whether you like a person
or if you don't like him or if you get along well
with her or you have fought let's see
what the [ __ ] does it have to do with what you have
going through with it bu but in that sense
I can understand it, of course, that's it.
They have also brought shame to them
If a person has been betrayed, it was
with you being friends of course man that
What a stab Antonio put in him.
and Loli with Antonio man
I can understand that you are aware of his intentions
Of course I understand it, of course it is.
throwing them out now is
trying to dump now look look at the
good ones, look how good these are
cl but let's say it was the first one too
who used first moved away from the side of
Loli Well now she's saying look look
with those you have stayed, look at what
you what they defend you what they defend you
They appreciate it but but what about Peppa?
the first to apply the tactic of no
I answer so as not to feed the herd
Eh yes, the same thing they said today
in Loli's chat the same according to
They were talking so and Antonio today
They were talking about the guy, see. Well, now what?
other channels come right now we are
On Twitter everyone is going like this
we Because it is around others
always no they have not done the live for
give information no no no in fact or
be you have stayed that there are in several
moments of the live show in which they say
as if very proudly they were going to talk about
We are in all the live shows
in pter Tania Tania you are ap hairstyle
You know, yeah, well, that might have pissed him off.
A lot of Loli with that Oh on Twitter and
my sister out there all over Twitter and
She is very happy, how is she? Is she normal?
Taa has dressed up very elegantly today
the direct No man the bombshell it
she deserved she was pretty she was pretty today
Well, let's see how elegant it is.
Tania So this lady has on top of it
had a son that I don't know anything about
not even if it's the last one from Sabi Oliveira
that you allow in a live broadcast of yours that
Don't tell me, my son, that this is the last time.
because I love you to yours
you are and then you me
May this be the last time you are not heard
Tamia: Well, let it be the last time. Okay.
Well, don't lose your temper because what
They are sending you this gentleman right now
and this gentleman has the nerve to tell me that
He's going to sue me. Go [ __ ] yourself, Jabi.
oliveira Go to hell. Okay, already.
has two more demands, what are they?
doing with those audios that you are
sending to break the live because already
We've lost track of where we were going. No no.
Let's go no because we have stayed that
we have to put no but Tena that
answer this gentleman, okay, don't leave
talk about
If you know that I am important, let me talk.
whether we have to talk about balls
phone call and we talk V
[Music]
delio finish
I don't care
I care about things that happen to me because and
I don't see this one
uncle, things happen to him, things happen to him
There is a second that goes by without catching something
second has that not
looks very good to talk about everything but
then I hope no one touches it
when I do not name anyone's son or
family of nobody nothing of nobody just you
you have marked the live that it was about and
the live but gives like to
publications where they say that the
Other people's husbands are worthless. Ah
Oh, let's get it out of him, Elena, or I'll
I'm a Sugar Mommy. Ah, that's not meddling.
with me and my partner for example
example is not your private life that is not
see this I don't know if Claro because I have
I have not seen two things here.
No, I saw this as a
way to bounce for absolutely nothing
That is, because I don't have, let's go first.
place I think you do not need to
explain how I am No and so on and so on and let's go no
It would be permissible to mention here either
mess with the family eh No children or
cousin Neither brother nor father nor mother of
Nobody, neither Tania nor anyone else,
You understand now that the woman who
send the audio what it says is that Tania
She is a mother I think she is not but inside
from a Javi context, that is, I love you
Saying no doesn't mean you're not a [ __ ] for free or
is talking about a context of
time this girl left in x years, look
the things he says he has done this
this this this and this and between those things
say that he has had a son end end of
how disproportionate it is that it does not have
sense is that I'm not sure about it
that Javi would not have allowed it as
none of us
ningal
way is that I am not like them who
They like a tweet that says that the
Elena's husband is a good-for-nothing and
that Elena is coming to give me a [ __ ] and
then with the fellatio done he goes to
The husband does that, Tania, I'm not worth it.
But Tania, have you seen what you just did?
do not Or all over your face Go to
[ __ ] Go to hell Go to hell
[ __ ] Go to hell then
language like that and click like this you
you're going to remember a lot because it's that
does it every moment And there is no
no justification nor have I interfered
with her is that neither the person in the audio
He messes with her. I don't know if it's a tactic.
to give you the opportunity to be outraged as you look
Look, there is little to be gained from searching for
Find a problem Find a problem
This is not enough to justify Javi
Carmen what she wants to justify now
that Javi has nothing against him
Look, Javi doesn't stop and he says that I
will demand everything you have in the
head she is that does not stop talking about
me or touch them after that
You have been analyzing his sentence for 5 months
your way Because if still if the
I would have analyzed it, I still don't care
It's worth it in his own way and lying about it
the content that will already clarify it is worth it
because it's late for me to call you I'm carrying
I've been here for I don't know how many months now
telling you to relax it's recorded it's not
recorded here not the same as I told you
Loli on her day For a month now she's been there
That's it, how do we stop it? It's worth it to her.
has already been told a lot of times
but she says no that she is very brave
that they want to silence her and that no one
The silence Well I will take the measures that
I see but I call you that I call you
Look, so I called you seriously.
said there that I
call don't worry if you already if you already if you
I'll call you but I won't call you
Whoever has to call you, but man, yes
You see that you are justified in your
you say Go to hell Go to the [ __ ]
[ __ ] and you're the one who has to analyze one
sentence because you have not learned anything from
that sentence So if you have it
analyzed because it is not justified
under no context, that is, I do not
I have mentioned But what apt what it says It is
that I
well let's see if H now now no
It can be said that Carmen has
mother I can't say why Carmen her
mother has to take care of her and then
He came and did that directly.
I am this I am naming the mother
of Carmen seriously but she has herself
to grab onto whatever, whatever
say come on I'm going to grab what
sea has had to be grabbed there of course
It's a way of saying look, look, you see it
What I'm telling you is that it is
justified because we are going to see him
It is that if I can speak here it is obvious
I mean, there are a lot of people who say that if you
you are going to demand another one that you cannot
mention another let's see me they have
sued I have continued making videos
of Whoever has to do it because they are
content of public figures and me
I'm talking about Oliverta and I've sued her if
I have to give some news about Diego
I give it to the Arabal and Diego is sued
He has also publicly criticized us, but I say it
I sued him since December for what
Same Because I tried to make him stop and he didn't
stopped demand okay But to you a demand
He doesn't put a voice in your mouth or anything.
the style, that is, I can talk about Tania
and I can sue her at the same time, we'll see.
we will see what is happening
will analyze And if there is content then it is already
You see, no, but that in any case, it is that
I spoke about Tania, I have not spoken in
I have not imputed things to him in those terms
false nor have I told him Go to the [ __ ]
[ __ ] Go [ __ ] yourself, gatan
low, vile, creeping, disgusting snake
I didn't tell him those things then
that I call you for what? For what?
you now delete the content you have
done and now how do I know how to fix it?
What have you done? I have to call you.
Well, you're not going to be there anyway.
only in the [ __ ] that also affects me
They have sent the [ __ ] [ __ ]
Hey, he didn't just send you the [ __ ] [ __ ].
but it has become a thing for you again
warning
talking about this is not nice this is not
It's nice because there are already several.
several this t that you put had to do
because they are quoting a you and yours this
had to do with her with the live of
today yes let's see Many of you know that today I had
more important things to take care of
but from the little I have been able to see
Here the summary has been this not One
contacting the families is okay or
bad depending on who does it man
Let's see, he says, I don't lie to
relatives I don't lie to relatives
Go to hell but if you're live
it's about whether your live is about
family members, that is, directly your direct
try to be relatives you give Like to one
publication where they say an outrage
disgusting Lena that can suit her
Bad for your husband can be bad for me
woman, you can upset my daughter
Elena's daughter to my son, that is to say you
you can take over whoever you want
you want but my but don't let them tell you that
You are a mother, it doesn't make sense anymore.
requested an appointment for the beatification of
Loli, they are the sufferers.
vigilantes if someone is sick
It doesn't matter what the disease is
insults you or accuses you of a crime if you answer him
It's wrong and suing is wrong too
You have to leave her, that's what they said. Yes, yes, that's what they said.
not the one who does not demand it
demos
to sue that suing her is very ugly that
a person who is ill must be treated
leave her alone, no, she won't
answer that you do not answer that you do not
answer him and that he is not asked to
sending him is a dirty thing. Yes, well, the
sister has said that the demands
no no no let's leave her because she is already
Since it is like that, then it is already that
let's leave it Ah clear man of course
Tania can become like a hydra
when you name your own thing, the others don't
because potato man of course let's see eh a
Tania says that contexts give her
just as if I had said broom hair or
that if I have said I don't know what in
response to things that were being done to him
To my wife, they are accredited.
I repeat again, okay because it seems that
things are leaking
but you don't understand Okay then I'll do it again
to say they threatened my wife with giving her
a displeasure and it is accredited
Ok, but well, you can't say that
She is a mother because it seems to me that the Boom
rather It has remained in pouf And then
Here is a Twitter account that you
says alne shorter I understand that this
It's a play on words between pet and
short okay he didn't care
share what you have defined yourself
Oquilla you and all the canis of my weapon
that you all say and do the same thing
I travel with Google as a minur I don't understand
yours doesn't but Tania says when I
name the children of others
You are referring to mine, not to me and Tania, the only thing
since you were already missing something so that instead of
whether it is civil or criminal, it is that
You start mentioning minors, that's it.
It would be the icing on the cake of what you are missing.
already for doing with me because as not
you have already done enough what you need
Now all you have to do is mention
minors that would already be eh the cren one
3 year old creature Go [ __ ] yourself
Anne to the same [ __ ] that I'm going to you
take out today I'm not sleeping threatens again if
It is that it always threatens again and again
Above he tells you: In the end we will see each other in
a played but really Claro because of
truth is, he does it, he does it, he does it
because he was born to me and threatened me and
fulfilled Well but this is this is you
you are an idiot, there is no more
Hey, sensei's a coward. You'll see.
moment continues defending the condemned
a shitty life that's clear it's that
This vocabulary of a person who is
so aware of the issue of honor and
the insults and so on is that the
spring is like this, it is exposed like this but now
is aware of the insults towards
her or those she likes
to the rest No, well look
They sent me a video just now
while I'm live on a
person who also doesn't like it
arrived
Okay
Well, I tell you
Can you imagine that he has
given ammunition to
all of that's why I think Conchi says That's why
I think it has given ammunition to all of them
They have filled up and are saying that they
Javi had filled the tank and
now
that I don't have that
name inom you are now
I also tell you seriously how much
eh wow It's a shame there isn't a little
further
There are obviously things about me that I have
that stopping that applied and that's it No
It is not to scare anyone or to
to intimidate anyone or anything for the guy
Because what I would prefer would be
always not having to go to or So that
that we were within the bases that
that this has to do with gossip, no. I mean, I do.
The last thing I want is to have to
spend more money
than wasting time from my work to
to time or to attend any place
You know why I'm focused on this?
I, unlike these people, am in
work work work work and
create content and what we least
Javi is in the mood right now, it's within a
year in a year and a half have to
go anywhere to see their faces
These people, I sincerely like them.
like a kick in the guts
Exactly the same
normal but I think she is being
already aware that until now it was not
aware
that at what time but I am that this
people like Tania like the other like I don't know
who I am are things that I don't
I understand When you are stating a
series of things but it's not that you're
stating a number of things is that
You've been after me for 5 months because I
I insulted Manolito 25 years ago and now
you are not aware of what you are
doing and that you can
end up worse Javi But if you already told him
that you were going to sue her of course and she started
tell you that you had zero credibility
lying to a lot of people
you live trying to ridicule and
belittling you live by saying that
you erased that no and that yes and that yes and
Yes, and he doesn't care at all anymore.
telling him I'm going to sue you eh but it's
that before is but is that before that
in a live show like a month or so before
less in a live Javi saying is that
I don't want to sue her because it makes me feel sorry
and I was on the call with him telling him But
What a shame that this woman, if she can, will sink you.
the channel And Javi It's not that I feel sorry
because such because I was one of those who
I was thinking officer I saw her one
person who did not know where he was
putting in and in the live in the live
that opened to answer you that Rio
in your [ __ ]
face be
I gave you
The next penalty was the direct one to
What did he do, that is, what did Loli tell him about?
all that time the other time that Loli
He said everything and she opened a direct to
so much in pajamas so much to tell me
that was going to get a lot of [ __ ] out of
me answering you of course because
we open because we open directly
to comment on Loli's by giving her points
to her because Loli that day was with
Tania and now the same thing is going to happen eh And
commented and commented on our live with
little phrases similar to the ones we just said
to see now and affirming I will take you out
and they are investigating you and I don't know what
and I don't know how many are claiming it is
that is not conscious
I don't know if he will be aware because he already
this here since I have seen no I do not think that
be aware still affirming it eh
that is what she gives him the most money
It was all about talking about
Well, of course I'm not going to reveal anything.
after seeing a certain live show of two
aspiring youtubers I meant three
things one sees a relative of the one who is
They are taking advantage of it at their convenience
hatred inoculated by his interlocutor and
with directed questions questions with
those that seek to obtain the answer
desired This is what you told me
basically not like it was directed
the audios were as directed not
were questions How do you say the word
I always forget that word is that
They are like cut off. So there is no
much of what you have been asked before
that comes before are like cut have
cut part of what is said I say Hey
It is true that this case is pink and has
an apple in the middle and you answer me
That pink case has an apple in it
half there no something like that worth cut and a
person enters into outbreak and with it
Injury and slander are never the solution.
leave her because she can do a lot of damage
Well, this is what you're telling me.
not that they have said in the audios that the
lady says we should leave her
that Sorry that it is not right and that the
let's leave the solution is to remove it from the
networks to prevent harm to third parties and
your own self-destruction is easy
let three do it, nobody said they're going to do it
to get everything I can out of it
complaint in fact Well I'm not going to
go into detail because it is not a
complaint is a demand but in fact the
amount is symbolic or in many ways I
I have seen occasions in lawsuits that
They are asking for 80,000
60,000
15000 100000 1500.000 We have
put a symbolic amount because it
What is intended is for Javi to stop, no
It is intended to profit from no one
expects you to stop already, for once
It's for money, man, it's obviously been done
I put an amount because that's what I
I consider that I have lost simply with
the days minuted so clearly I'll tell you
to say why my time is worth money no
I'm yours, but it was hours and
hours and hours of live and live and
live and hours and hours of insults
insults that are not good, I'll say well then I'm going to
time this live no no no no no no
all the live shows of I don't know how many
months all in addition directly from three or four
hours and it was insults, slander
insult, slander, slander, [ __ ], garbage
disgusting Hey, I got the card
bank and my money has
missing that that There will be me
I'm looking forward to hearing the justification
I already know them more or less.
How are the detans going to be?
I touched the volume and my WiFi went out, okay?
some of that stuff but Loli's I
I'm looking forward to hearing what's going on
basis for saying that I am an abuser
eh to say that tesa is a
abuser and a cheater but she is not
abusive man hit Ah no it's not
to stick
Oh, and what Antonio was telling him.
David what he was because he was an abuser
psychological not what what was the
complaint No if I'm not mistaken But that
apparently it is
less Look, I have to take the
things like that because now and now we go
a lighter topic summary of the live show
in which they believe they have discovered
the mystery of the Holy Trinity
look with Paloma included and a whole
live with repetitive audios in the
that it is not known what it corresponds to
Here I don't know if putting the audios is not that
Be careful because I don't know if they come out
there are the audios
Javi may come out, I'm going to avoid it.
this thread just in case and we're going to this one no
These are the cynics who throw the
hands on the head because according to them
have exposed personal data of another
person Forgive Forgive
sorry because I have not exposed in
a public network nor your data Because if
Do you want me to put your name, ID, address and
to the phone number This is it
is saying to Salome But and how
And how he has it I have no idea.
how do you have Salom's private data?
there will be
found searching in
Google Morro
have
that
cu sewer rat like you what are you doing
putting the personal data of the
people to the place where they come from
live
Wow, do you think we don't know who?
you are Alex or where he lives Call him Alex and
Unfortunately for you, you have people who
He knows clearly, says Mavit, but how many
years old knows what this is to whom it is
another user anarchy anarchy
private that I hear with echo like
In a cave I hear you well.
I hope Loli isn't watching this.
straight now because what I'm going to do is
released is going to be quite
Go I find it incredible that FJ being the
Roli Huerta's spoiled child during
many months earning a salary that is not
He deserved it for helping someone who didn't
helped well this was supposed to
I said it, eh? Because he learned in a month.
more Antonio David in the time that is
FJ as tutor of
teacher this is not
I can bad Loli Antonio David that
Look, you're going to forgive me, but I know
first hand other people to whom
FJ has given classes and they have already learned
perfectly. That is, if the other clumsy person doesn't
It's FJ's problem
sorry, can you bear it now but what?
that Antonio David had a fight with the
Loli and and and they wanted to blame me for that
I was the one who had made public that the
Loli paid FJ's salary, I don't know what.
Here you have them. Yes, but let's go like
I have a lot of clips from Pepa.
from the pppa For a year in its live
letting her go and Antonia doesn't even say anything to her
mu a la Loli nor muan los santos cojones
of having an anarchy in your chat that
echoes what TV says
indiscreet that Loli Huerta
It's like in a sanatorium or
on TV
indiscreetly bad with how sick she was
Loli how sick Loli really was
I myself
I regretted it
sanatorium I am very sorry no
It will never happen again
Loli's decoration you wouldn't put up
back there that's what it's called
No, you wouldn't put one in the back like that, handsome like that.
meta like Loli's yes yes yes yes me
give one, I'll put it, I'll put it too
If it is very pretty then when at
at first because I thought it was a
picture the refrigerator door that is
I had taken it down, you didn't believe it was
Then I saw that it was a very beautiful painting
Hey yes it's from the
sea the picture that has behind or something me
It seems in bad taste, I think she is a very daughter
big fine is to a person who has
that disease that has been fought for years
against the
death 3 years later no but this is the
same as he later said but what does it matter that
he made it up and if it is that
will have no illness will have any
Where was TR years fighting against the
death in the evening of ibai or where each
Every time there are more years you are not realizing
It's going up for three years, it's going up
number of years eh they are getting more and more
I find this man funny, then
then now say what does it matter if it is
He invented it. Because you are.
calling people [ __ ] in
If that's nonsense, what does it matter, man?
What does it matter? Of course, these two gentlemen
could be my father
No
No, these people are probably my age.
Yes, yes, what happens is that I don't know
preserves very
Well my father says like a Ja they are not
Young people, you do not know to what extent and
suffering it
unspeakable that every time I see this V
say that in a mortuary you
indiscreet she was a daughter of a great [ __ ]
Thank you very much Antonio I also like you
I wish the best in the world but Tania doesn't
I don't even swim with this no no no no no it's not
who doesn't think I deserve it because I
I laughed at him because he thinks I deserve it because I
I laughed at Loli, I wanted to humiliate her or I don't know
what she says but it violates a
little bit t no no Or you don't have to sue
Not because I have no honor the only one who
has honor is Loli is much better quean
Orora you say that I say word what you
you deserve this bunch of psychopaths
A little bit of honor, eh Tania, you have to
laugh eh Tania that I think this
It slightly violates the honor of
Carmen: Well, let's see if it's true.
which would be somewhat justified because
you said that Loli had a TR corg
refrigerator yes it is true that I said I had
a refrigerator is totally justified
yes, a very proportional band of psychopaths
It is totally proportional if you put that
word in the mouth
back you don't deserve life, not even mine
life no nor life we do not deserve said no
you deserve is that I didn't see you or you
life nor life life life Hey look
Forgive me but a little yes no and all this
It's okay to tell you no.
It is not even worth life because it is nonsense
How crazy is this man?
Really, uncle, listen to me.
pigs pig I had never told him
nothing
Yes, I had never insulted him either.
to him this was never the first time now
Same thing, you have to correct this, huh?
You are the one who corrects this. Eh.
yes it's true ma a
better then he insisted on all this
that Loni finances us, prove it to me
finance us whenever you want we do a
Stream how we are doing Andre now
and I'll show you the bank account
so you can see the b and the transfers
bank accounts that send me have H
spider no but let him take it out
that Loli Huertas has given over time
that was on his channel This is for you
eh Ah for me yes of course but for
what's to blame
but I want me to take them out
visum that has not been given to them and
those that have been given to me But for what
What is the argument for that because
surely it has given you more than
that I have given them Then what
you are criticizing them I don't know I haven't
I've done the calculation but it would be fair
It would be fair if they had given me
more because I work you don't you
You are survivors who are here
scribbling if that is the most painful thing is
The most painful thing is that if you really don't
They have given a visa that I am doing this.
making that for free that would be a good thing
The point is that what I really
It was missing It is that you are really right and
money J I swear I've gotten it
raise Elena I swear I've done it
I have come to the point of saying, How sad
hope of that is What sadness what
you are going to do and defend in return
from the colleague but it was with hope
but they have already been seen in the loop
Now you have seen that there is nothing but
You can't get off anymore because it would be giving
the reason to the others is true the
business at first was to defend it
defend her with the intention that they
would give man now to attack us
now it's cont Exactly clear he can stand it
that he calls him a liar, he puts up with it, that he doesn't
I know what he puts up with that he thinks he has
Ho has done the great work of defending it and
I was scolding him today
He endures so as not to give in to the others
and he's swallowing them openly you can't
back down no no but let's see me
I like the insult to Carmen. Hey, I have
filling alarm the big [ __ ] all
cer no m nor la
life for God
good
And you wished me cancer there in the
chat so many times that they look here
what suits them so often
Mother, well, it seems to me that Lu
They want me not to doubt and be able to say it
Sorry wings Sorry no what I say that that
I think that from today's live O
whether until now it has taken little to me
since from today's live stream it
it is quite clear
eh, besides, the family has already confirmed it
that there is no money, he has it
already confirmed the
Madam, I think it's been a while since then.
It was learned that Loli we do not know how she is
Spanish at the time who donated so much
but well I don't know if it will come out someday or not
that it is but I think that it does not have what it is
that she has said but
Listen to me, I think it would be an insult.
see is that already put it on the table
I even find it offensive but
we will agree that it is a
I insulate intelligence to think
contrary not that a character like this
like this one and above all like the climb
Beltrn who approached Loli no
because it worked out for them
bright
but I think that's already obvious, right?
It is a proven fact as in the
sentences When they state proven fact no
It is a proven fact, a non-foundation.
be clear no and now they are putting up with it
all just to not give the reason and to him
They put up with everything they are putting up with
just for that reason they are swallowing them, not the
They endure but for not giving the reason they are given it
will continue
swallowing how tremendous that now speaks
How he speaks is a consequence of what he
has had buf This was fabric eh Because I
They blamed me for being the one who said
This is also eh. Really, that's all.
is that I have seen this now no no but
It does not refer to the vocabulary I think it is
refi When he said that he had been
burned the vocal cords or something like that
I blame myself for whether I reacted to this or not.
I didn't react but they sent me an email
telling me they said on the live show I don't know
what not what And I read it and the climb took
to make her plot against me again
They sent me an email telling me they have
said in the Troy live this and this
and he doesn't speak and I read the email in the
direct Look what they told me but
I don't know this and the climb took cut the
clip so it wouldn't look like I
was reading an email but I
He claimed it, wait, Peppa didn't send it to him.
What Peppa had seen was the live broadcast
Loli is sent that clip cut fenced
and Loli thinks that you are saying that
is that she has had to return to
walking or talking or something like that yes Peppa
that he had seen the live show and all that
It's what I do to him and to him
He always didn't tell her like many others
Sometimes Loli calm down no, I saw the
direct and this is that they wrote him a
email because Peppa from her little mouth has
said 250,000 times I don't watch clips myself
I'm going to the live shows. Peppa is here.
right now listening to us is not now
same seeing the Troy and us
I never went up to a debate, no
Elena that would be interesting no no no
has time and neither do you
clamour for her eh We made it clear to you
Let's see if one day I continue growing.
working here I'll force myself and I'll get it damn it
And the videos in the newspaper archives of
past mouth shut a year ago a
youtuber took out Loli Huertas without
hair and spoke perfectly and spoke
perfectly and now speaks for the
consequences that it had on the
Kim but
you are but of course
just because Lu goes to the specialist
oncologist the specialist we don't want
enter had radiotherapy but
because radiotherapy burns everything and
Loli doesn't need to relive everything she has
past day after day
day does not need it if they had a
minimum of shame of decency and of
I wouldn't name empathy and gratitude
to the lieras for nothing
and you wouldn't tell all the intimacies
that you have counted Because everything that has
What do you say about his illness?
exactly the medical report has been passed
He does, but how does he know what a room is?
from chemo uncle or so all we know
He has told about Loli's illness
This one yes but apart from that this is a bit of a mess
that what we have been repeating over and over again
time so much not that we for example
we are here or rather and apart from that we are not
we but they themselves are
Speaking of a guy, I don't know if I know it, no
I come because I don't know if he'll piss on me
some occasion I think that sometimes like that
little thing or whatever
but I don't know anything. I mean, no no no no
I have seen a live performance of this man.
of the one who is least among those who are leaving
It also goes away, it goes away, it goes away but
The Troy ar is one of those that is taken
the geeky tuber and plants it in his
direct and begins to react and
react damn let's see me put myself now
the [ __ ] clis where I am every day
every day every day I mention
Loli I give it to Loli to put it on me now
Damn, but that's a manipulation
Javi continues, what does that have to do with
a person has difficulty speaking
because even if it had been true with him
had been
[ __ ] what does it have to do with a person
have difficulty pronouncing afterwards
of a treatment even if it is true for
say all the words backwards
has a dictionary for what they wanted
It was to make her look poor. She was to leave her.
insult let her say don't tell her anything
poor thing She is already there I am already there
lie truth Elena I don't know why not
I understand that you may have a question
Let's see Javi when you get sick
from the throat you say it was when
your throat hurts and you can't speak
He says he was punished, no, it's true. Ah
But it refers to that to see the form
to talk about
Loli he is referring to the way of
talking about Loli and Lolly conjugates more
verbs and invents the words and that's it
Yes, but I think maybe more.
because sometimes she went up a
little so he spoke strangely how such
for the hair said it clearly Not what happens
that is, that is, he is talking
of different things because we
when we speak, that is, when we
we were referring to the way we speak
We were referring to the Well, what you just ended up with
from saying to the way of speaking with
verbs eh the words that are invented eh
the insults when he shouted and so on or
that was what we were referring to
with the way of speaking or when
He slurred his words and stumbled, and he
referred to
who spoke more or less clearly or more or
less tall due to illness
supposedly it's a roll of them a
their roll of their movie
Man please No, I didn't believe that
It had been like not justifying something in
concrete but rather victimizes and that's it
Hey, Loli is a
person a fighter who has had to
learn to speak again
walk but uses it for anything
They look for a medical excuse
when I don't know what about the nails was also
because I had had such and the nails and
Look, look at some rolls, all lies, I
The only thing I used cron for was
for cash arme of Thailand During a
year eh As an excuse listen to me you have
I've seen Fran wearing his work shirt.
no, I brought him one, I gave him one
work t-shirt and put it on yesterday
Note: You have not seen a T-shirt of the
Curro and some Castin in the cross field
Take Elena, my mother, you too, Sevillian
that the girala to Fran had had the
need to open your own channel for
not to harm us has had
the need to open a channel so as not to
harm them because they
They have it very clean, you know.
no because I had never climbed onto their
channels to say anything eh never them
insults are perfectly understood
Mrs. Not exactly, but apart
This is the one who says that you have to hit him
slaps until the cat bleeds
no and speak that she knows perfectly well
that I can talk here on my channel and on
the one of
Pepa, but she's been mulling over this for months.
open her channel to answer her from
your channel your channel has not been made for
become a typical YouTuber has done it
to answer this whole gang of
Shameless but of course he doesn't need to
constantly relive what what
Neither what happened nor what nor what happened
have had they know that they have been
side by side with her because I in that
At that time I didn't know Olih
Huerta they have known what has happened
gone step by step you have no shame
but I hadn't passed him the photo of the
scar from the operation and I don't know
What? Ah, right, there were some.
seen has happened knows what has happened
I don't know if these people were more
relevant truth instead of direct is
to make videos like this
guin I won't be continuous you wouldn't stop no
You would stop reality to turn it into
against her and everything against her
I am a band of scoundrels and everything
a youtuber alne FJ all those who
you participate in that you are some
You know you don't have any shame.
decency all for the money Look who's doing it
says the one who did it this morning
I messed up my friend and a bombshell came up there
two live bombs, one on each channel
come give away membership come here
very little is given away, come on, damn it
they were fighting they were fighting that
fulanita gives super chat on my channel and on
yours not but all of that is very affected
Eh yes yes but all that very affected by
This topic is fatal, eh, they did it, let's go
This is how TV is supposed to be what you have.
to do because you have to but no no
all that is very affected is making illa
giving ass to laeta taking advantage of
I slipstream those who
have and here
They put this but I don't understand why
without hair because as he said that
She was shaved, it is a photograph where
He sees that she has gray hair but
has a gray ponytail and a ponytail and
that's it
Noada is not bald
no and not happy This is good This is what I like
I'm going to jump because it's a little more than
The same goes for talking about the intimacies of
Loli who does pay rent cl But if they have
past all the parts all all that
is the topic of is the topic of
Ro this is what r was when I heard it
not one
beer take the cameras is true and
This was on the live show from Troy
It is precisely true that what is true is true
They talk about private things like you have a
daughter how do you have someone that you don't
you distinguish a beer from a
Coca-Cola is a clear example of what I
I was referring to the times that he went up how he went up
This is a clear example, you have a daughter
in which the subject can be very delicate
so don't touch my
Navas because I tell you what I tell you
everything I have received that has not been
boy
eh that's what happens it hasn't been a boy it's
more is criminal oh oh oh oh
but it's on video and
checked and I can't teach it because
It's private, I can tell it because it's
I have a host So ro continues for
Go ahead, we're going to throw the TV at him
all the
world [ __ ] what are we going to throw there no
There was a problem with taking out private things
No man, there are no justified people there.
yes and speaking of
minors let's see this we'll see it
we commented
then we will see the reaction a little
Loli's family, if there is something wrong with me
because we have been preparing the
direct one hour before starting it is worth it
If there is any click that you consider that
It is important that we put it, let me know
Please, okay, I'm going to let's see who
we have seen more or less in
Twitter or no, we're not going to do it.
to tell something because I no longer know how to tell
Ah, but something then.
not to tell something because no
no, it's already there and I don't agree with it
That live today is the two people
that they were saying that my life was
private the two people who were
pissed off and angry about the flight
because there was no talk about the family
caught a person she told him
that defended her, look look look look
Look, he's been teaching him by pounding
with everything eh with everything and most of
What she has seen are the clicks that
has put the
flight to ask for authorization to
put your audios to defend myself What has
made that familiar say yes yes I want
defend my brother
and the other What has he done What has he done
another instead of saying No no that's it.
This lady is already naming us this
Lady is already there, don't take it straight away
bombshell
eh and one and I have spoken with just now
with Encarna my
Sister, I said it. Now you're going to be
exposed you cheated now you are in
Twitter Now you're going to be on Javi Now
you're going to be in FJ Now you're going to be in e
on all channels Good from here
Loli has nothing to do with knowing that she's not going to be here.
being in carn is worth it because we are
different from that group of friends who
You made yourself worth the fact that I already warned you about it
time they were approaching you
for
try to get the most out of it if not
well with your donations Well with your
content that stays calm that for
For my part there will be no
absolutely no content of any kind
around his family as he has never done before
there hasn't been until now and by mine
not on all channels and on top of that the
aunt on live has all the face
hard to say
Oh, we're already on Twitter, what did you expect?
exposing someone in my family that
I hadn't mentioned what you were expecting, aunt.
you hoped they weren't in
Twitter
Twitter how right eh No she what
I wanted it to be on Twitter that it was
the live show moved a lot, that was what it was about
I am delighted that they have done so.
mentioned several times in the live
We are on Twitter, you have to give
Palms with ears are going to talk about
This is in all the live shows in all of them
I love watching when you put on a live show.
in a bombshell scheduled a day before
Why don't you put a title more?
discreet more elegant or not to dedicate the
straight to that at least or rather Look that
It would have been easier or more elegant without
need to put audio none as
we have done not not put it
just Hey I've talked to a
familiar to do a normal live and
current working Tania working
that you can okay And you take Well look at the
anniversary theme of the docuseries
topic of what Alejandra said
Rubio now the son of Mar Flores has
fought with I don't know who the [ __ ] I all gave
I have a newscast every day I have
a newscast that I can't believe
news I have to select them and for
You half take it and say By the way, I'm going to
dedicate this to the flight so you know how it is
such such such such And I have spoken with the
relatives and it is a lie without more who you
want to believe that I believe it And that would have
been more discreet but no no she is
desperate for her and he for virality
for attention because it is talked about
because they are taken out c worth the content
since they started talking on the flight
of this matter has been the same content
but defending the opposite version
You have to see what they said last night in the
flight and such such such Why did they say this
this this and this making himself the defender
In this case I speak more about Troy because t
has made less direct is not a direct
diary
No, of course, but
Yes, yes, what they intended was to criticize him.
With that what they were doing was
give more diffusion to what in flight
Sure, but if you don't care, LoL, yes, Loli
They care about the instrument and that's it
clear clear clear Look here they have
taken out painful things for example
In this case, the donkey has been commented on
here because Troya, for example, commented on it
I have not commented on it again in my
direct Why Because it is not a thing
to do business with her, damn it
Comment once and that's it, that's how it works.
a friend if you don't like what
They are saying the least about your friend
It occurs to me to do a live show
daily monetizing and asking to be given
Give me a visa, give me memberships
Give me everything because it is necessary
see how bad the flight is
They are talking about private life
look and this is what they have said what
[ __ ] are you telling me this man about
morality and wanting to make us
we are guilty of what he carries
A month ago Antonio already messed things up
again you remember that she was
first last time she got angry with him
because he put a thread of Salome I think
that was telling like a fable not the
He warned him and planted it right there in the
direct and he already got angry with him you know
perfectly How is it that you know that you knew that
He was going to get angry and he knew that he wasn't going to get angry.
to give permission if they asked him and that's it
It is but if they asked him and he didn't
gave them permission and to do so was not
It was very bad then because he didn't
I was wondering why I should say on this topic I see
It's normal that he gets angry about the thread.
It seemed a bit childish but it's that
In this I see the super logical but that he
knows perfectly well if the cone listens to me
You don't need to know her, Carmen, it's just that
but he asked her and she cut him off.
roll has not fal met the first LoL it
He said he has been in contact with a
my relative and also sued
first d
knowing her, they return from defense as they are
those who are defending her
thanks believe that they return it as defense
and Loli is going to swallow it. They thought
he swallows it we make it look like you
We are defending and there is already interest and
There is no more, they have taken advantage of this
They have taken advantage of this topic the most
a topic that no one else has made private
more than that is audio more than them
Look, nobody ever expected that Loli
would have the reaction that it had
this afternoon that has been educated in the
sense that he has not insulted them
treated as no longer normally sig
keeping the yes has not insulted them and
and has told them truths, truths, one
behind another they have not
contemplated all possibilities with
their two live shows if we do it in
vertical if we do it horizontally if
We'll be on Twitter if I comb my hair or
I stopped combing my hair but what Loli was doing?
that he cared less about her reaction
have contemplated Ah that's why the
surprise and Loli's reaction seems to me
They have not cared at all and no
They want to stop this issue and they don't want it to
Nobody stops because it is coming to them very
good to them and they don't want to stop there Cos
the one who stops is the friend if you have a
friend, stop the others from talking, but I
I'm not going to give any attention and they want what they want
It's this and that's it and expose it and it's yours
instrument but Carmen is that or that is
but I will not defend myself
I found out that Elena or they have tried to talk
with my brother at my back we go no
They have car you are saying and it is that you
You are clearly saying I don't want that
talk to my family no and you go through
above To play the good Samaritan
go over what he told you
That person is that, let's see, but totally
interested when you are here in
YouTube dedicating yourself to this if a topic is
the viral topic is the topic of the moment is
the topic of content we are going to see
I have to talk about it, I have had friends
The best that has emerged here colleagues In
YouTube that a topic has arisen that
involves them and it's like churra it
I have to try Forgive me recently
I have an exclusive from a
youtuber that I told him Hey look I have this
I'm telling you I'm going to treat it with
respect but I have to deal with it
because it is that it is
exclusive If I don't have it, if I don't have it
I say it will come out if you tell me that
don't say it, it's going to come out tomorrow, it's going to come out
tell another okay Already things like that Another thing
Audi is very different from your sister's or
whether you have gone to your sister to ask her
audio for you to take one thing here and
There is a point I wanted to make about
the table that of course right now is not
We'll find out if Loli is here for us.
listening it would be interesting for us
I would confirm because I see the possibility of
that something has happened And this you already notice
How is the situation we are talking about?
that they have the live show scheduled
since yesterday afternoon yes yesterday by
the afternoon until today is quite likely
that at some point have crossed
message Loli with one of them or to
It is quite likely that they have been
crossing with Loli
program message Direct according to Loli is not
they speak
according to me, you can't get in touch either
with her they do not have the relationship that
they had before, that is, they didn't have
daily conversations as they had before
That is, they had been unlocked and so on
but they had not resumed the relationship
friendship like you is worth good in any
Javi case
You have a way to contact one
person if you are thinking of doing something so
important to her something so important
but it seemed stronger to me perhaps
Imagine if they hadn't told him.
No no, of course I imagine that tonight
I'm talking to you on the phone and you
You have a live show scheduled where
You're going to bring out something that's going to make me
bother and right now you're talking
with me and you are having the coldness of
saying that they were talking to
someone who had information because
I was talking to someone, this is coming
cooking the other day and was in the
Loli's channel doing super chat I don't know
that Loli is your channel is true they have
made the bed for Loli there is no more reason and
Loli's bed is already made for her
give us the snouts in flight and throw ourselves
[ __ ] or rather he has come to say well it is
that the person we have
guest that Loli is not going to do anything about
drop of Grace but it is necessary Forgive
necessary to or it is necessary to be
above your wishes because I am
puts me on the milestones needed to
They for them It is necessary for
They are that you notice that of all
ways To what extent the word of your
brother can deny anything because you
You call my sister to ask her, Hey
It is true that Javi is a thief and my
sister is going to tell you that she is not going to
tell my sister I'm putting a
example eh I'm not calling anything chorizo
Okay, it suits you, or so, to what extent
Tania tells the woman, "Answer me."
send me an audio telling me your sister
I don't know what I don't know how much has been invented
Why is your sister going to tell you?
sister
not to what extent they expected
that this was the bomb of the live show for
Giving the live that title is because
It would never have occurred to me to have
That conversation Javi sincerely To me
Javi hasn't made me feel so sorry either.
listen to that lady who says that
There is no need for this man.
need
there is totally interested
and both are more false
We hope that whoever didn't see them coming will also
There you are, I blame Loli here.
Hey, look, I don't know if he didn't realize it.
because deep down Loli does too
It has been good for him to have alliances
people who also support Loli
It has also been good for him that he is not either
but let's see how it benefits her
because there is a moment when
You are not alone, do not feel alone here.
the danger of having a backup people
that proves you right that they support you
that we youtubers have here
that you only feel good a little because you
You have your community and your thing here
even if you have 100 people 50 people
For you Javi in the case of Loli always
needs like a court those who
prepare those who send you the clicks
those who I don't know what she always does
needs like a circle
I've seen her affected, right? She has been
first time of all the live shows that the
I have seen angry man because this is
a betrayal was the time I saw her
as more hurt by the situation man
This is already family, that's why you
I say I hope you remember I hope that
Remember that after all the
scuffles that have taken place on the Internet
The day I was most hurt was precisely with
those who are so
good with her is that she knows that no
They are good, that's why I tell you that TR days
If you forget one day you will forget and you will be
with them and the bad ones will be the others
but listen to me, let's see, there was already one
time that was when we started to have
serer frbe when they started the la
the trifurca they had, she admits things
as if he realizes that the la la climbs
He has gone to contact her and make an appointment
and that I love you that I love you that later
from all that has collected cable eh And has
said that is that he only said at one time
of anger but that there really wasn't
been like that, that's why I'm saying that
I blame it all on you. I blame it on you.
Loli because one thing is that you
manipulate you like that but this is like the
Look, Carmen, you who deal with that topic
the one from the island of temptations
Christopher, the first time you feel sorry for her.
second you feel sorry because you are very
in love and you fall again the third time already
It's your fault that they [ __ ] you in the ass
and no Yes man Sure apart from you
character and what you don't care about and continue
coming back and keeps giving Of course, of course
She that if the first one hits you But
If you then continue to endure that
situation and no longer have it stuck on you
but she apart from arriving at
recognize all this that Javi was right
As Javi said, this woman was right.
He searched for this and that apart from
that she knows she is not in good shape
people because she finds out about the
240 discovers things that that that that he
They make a run run in the head and that's why
they expose and she knows with the type of
person and with the profile of people who
is trying So what did you expect
similar things play out like a pair, yes yes
you are with a group of people who
They post some photos on a WhatsApp to
see if you can get him a bottle of
Water, what do you expect them to do to you?
eh a Trojan horse if he has the
possibility of marking a live with
audios of your
family What do you expect that will protect you?
Of course, and he already did it to Peppa, he did it to her
to Peppa who was at her house and did it for her
to Peppa he also that it is not that of
truth easier Carmen in the end you have
a good intention not because it is supposed
that's good they screwed up but the
intention was good the intention was not
good the intention was to profit if you
You have a good intention of not This is
to defend Loli's honor that is
is telling a lie with which it
you do in a channel is enough for you But you do it
you are doing in both because you believe
that you have the bombshell of the month there and no
you put on a great show this morning or
a piece of total salsa show with
something that for them I am not supposed to do
because I laugh at everything and according to this
man I deserve death But they who
They are good people who love Loli
They protect her because all this is pure gossip
and hard and while they were doing it come command
members of a gossip show let's go
the ones on TV from Slvame while they
They fight there about super transcendental things
Jorge comes out saying, "Come on, a promotion."
so that way but if the t told him
consolation of making a fight because no
knew
Of course, because man, she's in the fight.
where he has a little where he defends himself
The rest is not very clear. No, well, let's go.
the things that are there but that move
He doesn't care about conflicts
conflicts is not that he runs away from them
conflicts nor does she look for it. Then she
of course that feels like it
comfortable of course feels comfortable in
That's something they didn't have to inform me about.
What they had to do was leave this
there you have all the
reason that I didn't have to be informed
What they had to do was leave in peace
me
family I'm not going to call your
family I'm not going anywhere
bother their own they have opened
direct eh
direct
saying that if they were talking about me
family How bad how bad private life
personal life How bad How bad giving to
understand how they how it is real that
I have a problem with alcohol, huh? And
that is also a disease too
It would be because I don't have any wife.
problem with no alcohol eh
none what has what has Loli taken out
uniform or something yes but I don't know
Let's see what time it is with a report
It was an electricity bill, but oh well
Listen to me, but notice that today I do believe myself.
that in
those but what dad What role can you
teach so that you don't have any
problem if you don't have it you can't
see or rather no no anything something have
concrete but notice that I do believe myself
that she was taking action against
that he was contacting his
family on one side and in doing so those of the
On the other hand, they have screwed up the whole planning
that I was clear about. Look, I did.
I think Claro and I would like to answer you
some people in the chat that I think
They don't understand when it is said that I
It's a shame that a person finds himself in that situation
situation having to defend themselves already from
when they mess with your family for that
We are not called Maybe
loliger we are different she will be like
The last thing he said about me was that he was going
to look for that account that I
He complained because he said he had a bad time
with his publications and was going to give him
like and that I had to have 100 accounts
like that but I'm not her
You understand I am not her and I will continue
defending that I don't like it being talked about
with relatives because I wouldn't like that
Tomorrow they will do it with mine but it is
That's what I'm going for, Elena. I mean, it's not anymore.
out of empathy or not empathy I said it or
Be me. This lady has no empathy.
Honestly, this lady has made me feel
done a lot of damage of course I don't have
empathy with her but it's that I don't even
It's not even out of empathy, it's because I don't
I would like the day after tomorrow because
Let us remind people that the same thing as
Many of us see these people
As real monsters we are going to
leave it like that eh And we can think the worst
of them and there may be people who
see it as justification for going to
contact your relatives there are people
on the other side that sees us as
Real monsters Then I don't
I would like no one on the other side to be
where a relative of mine to contact him and to
to piss him off or whatever or whatever with what
face is not a question of being ashamed of
Empathy is not a matter of
no ia I mean with what face would I have inside a
month and contact with a relative of mine
I complain more for that very reason, for not saying
It is not we who condemn flight
100% I don't care what happens to him
that lady I don't want to be confused
I don't care at all and if it is
It's bad that it's bad that it's bad tomorrow it'll be over for him
It is better to set limits.
why don't we do that? I don't think it's right that
happens to her or to us or to
No one has to look for relatives
giving explanations no that doesn't seem right to me
but I don't want it for that very reason because
I don't want it for her I don't want it for
me and now it seems that I'm going through the same thing
They've been accusing us all this time
that the flight why Well, because not
We speak in those terms is that
I'm not going to say that he is
passing to her that she is a person by the
that I have no empathy whatsoever and
I am a spectator in this case, that's why I was going
on the fly to find out what I was saying
I hope this makes it clear that no
one thing has nothing to do with the other
wait damn it's up the ass
This but it is the browser I think it is the
browser the problem Knowing
the and Knowing the repercussions Yes yes eh A
Now that none of them come to me
two to tell me is that we did not know that
We were going to be on Twitter because I have
seen on the live show that they were like that
We are already in
every day the one who wasn't there
every day with audio is my
Sister Twitter you were there every day
yes but
you needed because
churra and Sabiendo
the and Knowing the repercussions yes s eh to m
Now neither of them comes to me
to tell me that we didn't know we were going to
be on Twitter because I've seen them on
the live that were like this we are already in
Twitter Well on Twitter you are all the
days Hey, the one who wasn't there every day
with audio is my sister eh you in
You were on Twitter every day already but
you needed something more because that's what
you are always need something
The more spectacular the better the live performance
hollyw
and it has been good as well as it has not
insulted and
cutting down Without insulting without raving is
that unlike what
she does if she is right she is given
point so you can see so you can see that it is
can when you have some truth of it
to defend yourself because here you have something
truth from which to defend oneself And on top of that
has done without without
slander of Troy with the direct of
Loli, I don't know if you want anything else from Loli.
okay because I haven't seen it and I haven't
been able to recover or collect more clips
Okay, I don't know if I should add anything else.
From Loli wait I'm going to check WhatsApp
see if they have sent me any WhatsApp to the
I better understand that he said that he
They had done so much damage that the flight did not
had hurt him as much as he had
said this because of course they were their
friends and trusted them that he had
hurt
It is very clear that this is
from the flight to the end I think it is
I could wait, of course, you don't expect anything from
someone who is not clear, of course, but it is that
With Tania it was seen coming from the first
day that this was going to happen Tania was
I was looking for him from the first day
looking for Tania this time around I knew it
upload it to your channel to take it to the next level
by Joan Planas Find someone to upload it
to your channel
then said at the beginning of the live
Tania who was said to be very bad
researcher no has not said it
to what is against me al dal veira
He has to be a stalker but he is a
clear stalker and he was already there
giving little greetings and then looking at what
If Ada pulls the dalis she will say
exp putting that is, the dalis veira
insinuating pedophilia against me and her
You know this, he says, explaining again
anonymous and it's like man because they don't
expose that I tell you what they give you
Javi wins, no, don't put it on him.
making an account anonymous
call So that is, if I still had
Your name and your photo I would put it here eh
Because he's a stalker but hey man he is
which is called dal veira with a
photography but what the [ __ ] is it
speaking to how many people in your community
she has exposed in her live shows. That is
What happens that the people in your community do not
It's not anonymous or what. Well, look, dig me.
He called my attention for calling
stalker to my stalker who called you the
Attention for calling me a stalker, what am I saying?
because why doesn't my mother live this
girl Look live dedicated to Salome who
She is a Twitter user who has 500 followers.
followers that is a is a person who
It is from here of the audience simply and
He does a live show What happens is that he does
some threads that are that we go Clear clear
Look, have you heard?
Salome this I love have you heard
Salome you have heard then Here you have heard
Salom And look at you Javi, how your people are
worth your people your followers mm some
self-criticism
Ana self-criticism and puts it here with
104000 visits nothing What's in charge No, she doesn't
She is anonymous, she is someone who writes
against you that they have sent me one
photograph of that envelope from Oliverta
that envelope I had there and it's from
Manacor hospital because it has been seen
Okay, so maybe some report or some
clear story is some is a fat envelope
Also, I understand that is what
you may be what you
You're saying, eh, that I'm taking
legal measures against people who
that they are telling you
alcoholic was responding something
about that of
alcoholic Well, what a man, then he knows it
their friends are saying this too without
stop him from teaching it to them first
who are the ones who are repeating it in
all the live shows are so heavy, so heav
For Loli's sake, all for her own good, eh?
for the sake of Loli because they love her
They appreciate it a lot, this is it.
Let's see the live broadcast of Troy.
some clips from tonight's live stream
because he has been very offended by him
direct from roli vale This is how you appreciate it
help and defense Loli Huerta does it
hand to the neck so what the [ __ ] Or what
balls man not even in a wheelbarrow
eh they are still going to give it the runaround that
clear clear No man has to be
grateful for the show put on
tomorrow and what does this thumbnail mean
Well, I don't understand it, I don't even know.
any idea about this sensei or something like that
No, that Chinese stuff doesn't sound familiar to you.
you a a yes that kind of sounds clear to me a
comic not something that not the bike me
I make the offended the only thing she has done
well at this time is to say yes to the other
day you said I don't know what the video of the
dove or something like that but today for what
They tell me you wished well, wait
Sorry to stop here, it's done.
offended says no, she has not been offended and that
The only thing he has done well is the
video of the pigeon forgive me but
From the video of the pigeon what he did was
say that the pigeon video was the
July 26th and Peppa had it
uploaded the video of the live stream
dove on the 16th or something like that on June 16th
June June June something like that but
What you are saying is about Lolio or
about Peppa, let's see, let's see, let's see
Vera, I think that Loli kissed Peppa.
Bertrn thank you thank you Aunt Ah Peppa
for being such a good person as he was
Buo people, there were people from all over the world
Thanks pppa Beltrn you have done it
featured During this last year in
victimize yourself you you you and LoL huertas the
that I received the attacks were you you you and LoL
huertas he wants his share too
victim saying that you defend Loli
you have defended [ __ ] in the
last year Peppa Beltrn when you
They asked for the photo instead of
declare I have seen the photo I have not seen the
You took a photo, eh, the offended one that you didn't
you were talking about no one's illness
he asked you about sickness, he has seen it is so
simple as saying I have seen the f espale
a second and when he was asked
From the photos he threw the ball to Peppa
He threw this at her first, yes.
I had seen them and then I threw this at her
To her, eh, I haven't seen them ask her.
He threw the ball to Peppa the same thing
same colleague to ignore the topic because
no one to confirm the evidence
but since it doesn't swallow me or swallow
Loli doesn't even swallow another one, neither for you nor for
I'm going to take the bike to hell
the offended one has only done well
at this time is to say yes the other day
that you said I don't know what the video of the
dove or something like that but today that for the
They tell me you have wished well in
against so much of me so much and I us
we define something by breaking our faces
for friends things that you have not done
nor will you do in life
[Laughs]
needs someone to stand up for
you your son is none eh you are a
cowardly and a little bit shameless because
shame you do not know life
It's going to rain baskets on Peppa Pig
Beltrn then do me a favor and in
you direct me
you forget me you forget that for you
whatever
tado because I'm copying this link
that has here that has there a link
okay L and z and n x G I don't know if it's an i or
one I'm going to try with the one with the two
because this is what I understand they are
They are sending the woman
It is not a live show, it is the live show.
the direct of that is they have sent him the
directly to the woman, I don't know what for
the woman saw her debut there of her
audios so you could see how well they did it
made no mother of mine
eh, that is, it has become clear to all of us
that Troy and Tania are characterized
among all things to defend
death to his friends No man totally
As Pea knows firsthand, yeah.
Yes, good friend, Peppa knows Troy.
but let's iron carefully, carefully with
the one that makes him laugh when they got angry
with it they took out we go because they didn't have
I think that I think they got everything out
that had eha what had a house that
I didn't pay this, I didn't pay that
Antonio, defending a friend is not that.
What you think is not silence of the 240
suspect it and when I get angry with her
long that is not defending a friend that
is to choose your wrong
Shame on you friends, man, by the way,
Pepa de los keeps denying it, no. That is
theme wants us she man Man it
deny it deny it I stand up will deny it all
life for me is the most
repulsive that a youtuber has made in
all the years I've been here, eh, I mean
the topic is because it is that it is
involved the topic of cancer on average
cancer associations I am telling you
saying from the first day it is no longer
I was not bothered by Peppa who was
Javi forgot, I don't dress that much.
the one from Fachat with which he later dealt
the theme of cockiness comes from arrogance
saying that he didn't care that he didn't have
to teach anything. That is, he has not had anything
a little bit of empathy for the issue of
which was not to say look I'm not going to do it
Not for Javi or anyone but I'm going to give
my explanations and give her the one
I would like to give myself
forgot If you don't really remind me
Thank goodness they reminded me because
if it is not that I do not enter it because it is
I left whatever in Limbo
But how ugly what that did to you
as I was saying this that I'm seeing in the
screen is a link that Tania sends you
to Loli's sister today Link of the
direct what you are seeing
below are two
audios thanking Tania and me
direct that we have
done then Mrs. Lolta I don't know what
that you have spoken with your sister I know
what she says in that audio if I
you authorize I'm going to put it and you're not going to
to look very good as you have not looked good
that live or whatever Sorry about those audios
because of the time they are after the live broadcast
from Loli eh Let's see, let's see, let's see, and yes
You authorize me, you're not going to look very
[Music]
Okay, yes, that is, it's from 88:41
veiled threats to her friend
soul go go go weird
eh weird Well
Yes, I'm going to put it on and you're not going to look very
well as you have not been well until the
date because you don't even know about
you want to defend you are interested
defend yourself conig you're done but it wasn't
a
victim Ah
interest that's what I say or rather there was no lor
that I should leave her and there was no
that
enter no interest in defending yourself, that's already done
He said the other day also like Paco
Peppa's hairdresser, don't you remember?
also how all this happens but not
was what Loli had done until
Now it was you who called me a [ __ ], not him.
who says that I'm very gay and that I'm not
I have balls, no yes yes he messes with me
hairstyle, let's see, push it back a little
I didn't realize the end of the clip
but it wasn't what Loli did
so far and everything he has told us
It has always been in response because it is
was
defending him is telling him that the
He's half warning that I'm not going to do it
This is going to look bad as always.
you look very bad then how is it not?
A poor woman is not a poor thing
we have to have it there as if apart
not as a shell of
egg but that the one who defends me is
you finished me off
You now count that you are more alone than ever.
you can change defending yourself or you don't want to
I'm not going to defend you and you're not going to
to look very good as you have not looked good
to date because you don't even know
defend yourself neither do you want to defend yourself nor do you
interested in defending yourself but that is what
defense with me you are finished with me with
Tania and everyone who knows you now
If you are lonelier than ever, you can
change the name to the Channel again
Forgiveness is no longer valid for me, nor is it there.
I saw that he will learn at 51 or 52 years old.
that he already has in Pepe is going to learn to
listen twice to see twice Before
to speak one for that God gave us
two eyes, two ears and one mouth, I'm leaving
to waste a second I'm going to listen to this
audio is saying Lili in the chat says
today he has been laughing at the implant
Jai's capillary from a comment that
I was saying that you have some hair left on your dick and
Tania on the call
It's already that from Tania to see Tania already to
We are going to exhibit more things from Catania.
the insults and the forms and these things
that she has gone to be the standard-bearer using
as if he were going to confront me or or
criticizing me has been of no use
has made it simply to stop
try to gain impact the same as
What Tania did today with Loli is what she did
tried to pretend he had an exclusive
like I had I don't know what you know and I didn't
don't give a [ __ ] or
be people do not care to me what
I'm surprised at what you're like
commenting is that this gentleman has laughed
from someone's hair Yes yes I know
It seems Ah to confirm it further
Let us remember the moment of Pablo Franco and his
physical but that Tania does not have
no coherence, that is to say Tania, what is it
Say it doesn't matter, or rather, Tania is for me now.
like a meme you understand me in the
sense of their arguments and their
coherences and such not what I do not
It matters are the slanders to But what do you
I say how many things we have already seen
in front of her but if this is
sir has been saying some terrible things
women and has been so here in the
chat What else matters anymore?
thanks to her and whoever exposed your
sister on social media and to your family
It was Nuri Crismo, thank her.
and the one who gave him voice on a channel
YouTube was flight 714 who embraced
Nuri Crismo was the cat and the thugs and
Associated channels
Sorry, hello, when did that happen?
Sorry
Troy How is it that this man has already
They are going to ask you about this issue now.
rectifications no longer what we do now with
This one wants to tangle and mess
[ __ ] That's not true or what
moment that has happened but when he says
truths and is always saying
lies are invented for the face no
totally but for the face by the
simply tarnishing our image
period and end That's it if you deny things that
He himself said it two days ago and you
He is denying for two days that he does not
He said no to you looking for him
you put it on directly and
neither So no Pilar I mean that
when it has happened that support has been given to
This person, Pilar, rigorously tells you
answer is from today or so but what is it that
It hasn't happened, he's making it up
but also if you realize or
It is no longer just about channels.
goes for the
cats of the world you have wrapped up
I think not this
No. In fact, there was a lot of hustle and bustle.
Hey this doesn't matter to me
like it, wrap yourself up, wrap yourself up here
above Troy, you'll get cold
They will have given their opinion. That is to say, they will have
given your opinion on Twitter as we have
done all but only one thing was missing, I don't know
I could give my opinion, damn it. Don't tell me that I
my position to your sister of course that
We're going to be on Twitter all the time, you know.
fun est I have not attended to any
trap your sister Neither Tania nor
has not attended any trap to your sister
Then Tania will come in and explain why
phone how did everything happen eh your sister
good mouth you defended it yes
We have done what she has not
had [ __ ] to do in a year Loli
Huerta has not known and has not been able
to do what we have done in
one day because her that you
sister who have achieved today have
discovered something have done something I am
I don't know what they've done today
She is very tired of being talked about
tired of people talking about others and
I don't want to put a word in her mouth
because I haven't spoken to her but I know
understands from the audios we have put
Today Loli is very tired, your sister
What he has done is to deny the flight
714 flight 714 right now does not have
nothing to defend yourself with except you
today's live that's what it has
See 714 and all your enemies now no longer
My live has the one from Tan and yours has
because if you thought with that little head that
God has given you, you would have taken a
you would have had a dot on your tongue
be quiet that if you say that I speak of
your life for you for your life they have hit me
to me host and as bread of
great This makes me think that
They have not done so either, not only because
defend Loli, that is, they did not have the
intention to defend Loli has its
war with flight
totally Really seriously I'm going to
It is said at this time of night that
we have here man that we are
focusing only on profit we were
focusing only on the bomb
profit no but no no and apart from that he has his
You don't have a personal war with flying
more than opening your channel and watching the
titles or
be clear
Okay, regarding the video you made
Today we will see how the flight is defended.
those audios that they said they had of that
brother who was talking about that
nephew who was speaking I have not
put your family in the spotlight
No one else has done it or has done it
Tania, they have done what we have done
Tania and I have done it to defend you.
You made a mistake once with Tania and get on board
a circus just before going on a cruise
My cruiser
Disney Cruise Ship Comes to
then because the first place we left
That's our crime Loli
hza how much I want to sometimes
you sit down and think things through before
act because it was already costing us the same
Life sometimes stops you so that you don't
you put your foot in it and still
you put your paw in like when you told him
Marina Marina you lie that
It was the beginning of all this
I swear this to you, truly,
God was all that, and after that, everything was
no no no I mean we can stop for TR minutes
so we can go make popcorn or
this is what I did not expect and now
Who has to turn off the camera for God's sake?
I need a double wiki or something.
It's not just Marina's thing that's taken, go go
wow wow This was the beginning This was
the beginning of all the beginning com
with the clear lie Yes she she tries
with your donations you will be able to
telesalseo gives information in
against Antonio David not against
Antonia was against Marta in
that moment of Marta vale was talked about
Marta's illness Because Marina got it
by sources close to the environment to
Antonio David that now I even think
that Antonio David probably knew from his
where the information came from, okay?
but Marina as a journalist gives the
exclusive here on your channel eh just like
I could have given it to her, but I didn't give it to her.
TV because Antonin is not talked about on TV
TV is talked about here but Loli wanted
control information with your money
that was given by Antonio Avid because he is
his idol And then he went on scolding the
channels when they said things that to her
He didn't like how he did for example with
FJ And then here in that live in
the one Marina was fighting with
Marta Riesco Because they had had that
clash because I couldn't speak in
against Marta Riesco at the time that
Antonio David broke up with Marta Riesco
She on call with the p that Marta
It was a fact and that Marta was the other thing
but it is more there it also begins
the conflict not only with Loli
conflict that she had, eh, I mean
The only thing we did was here
You don't rule, we talk here
ignore it, we're basically going to cape it
but the climb that night was
applauding Marina and was trying
eat our asses like always and me
I don't know if I put it in the chat, I think
It was on WhatsApp, not Elena, WhatsApp me
He sent a WhatsApp saying I believe it
What does Marina say or do I believe what they have told her?
told to Marina and the day
next on your channel with Loli in the
Chat Marina was yes that was believed that
Marina really believed in what she did
It wasn't that but Marina had hair
Curly potato Miami confirmed it for me
allel that Marina had made a save me
He started roasting things that I told him, Hey
Who are you to roast Marina?
I charged I didn't charge that in the end
we had to clarify no and I had to leave
I say, Hey, look, I don't have to
give explanations of this but that
Obviously here the people who work
Cobra How could it be otherwise and
with invoices and everything legal, obviously
No, this is a company and the aunt is talking
there are things and that's where she starts
with Loli with Loli with Loli with Loli a
you go through the whole conflict later when
Antonio David leaves Marta Riesco when
Anton Marta Riesco cut there already
They could say anything to Marta there, yes.
There was a letter there, indeed.
so it was that it would still be good if it were
apologize before Marina returned
apologized to Marina for the
the atrocities they have said about you
absence eh because nothing more than what
they have to do is wash their mouth
when they talk about those things what
have to do before their hatred and their
obsessions and their profit motive is
wash your mouth because I'm Peppa
I have a lot of collected clips here
where it says that Marina has left tseo
Because it gives a bad image to your work
that has had Problem with me that a
a lot of things that have harmed him in
his work with journalism is here
YouTube with telesalseo telesalseo is the
best channel where a can be
journalist right now of all those who
there is but good in
end and we told you not to write that and for
balls boom if it wasn't written with super
chat was written differently I do
what comes out of me completely because I am LoL
Huerta, well, Loli Huerta, defend yourself.
you so that you see eh because they have been
defending Loli from that point during
these two years
It's good two years is not one, not what
They don't count, it's just that a little year does.
Marina you lie It was in one of your live shows
at night and that afternoon in a live broadcast
from Peppa Pig You already said bu can you imagine that
I send a super chat and put Marina
you lie How how how in a live show
by had planned in a live by
the afternoon is already, that is to say, it is already becoming a
comment that is, it was not exactly with
the words that I just told you
But what do I do? How do I refute this?
What do I do? I send a super chat and put
Marina you lie because it had already been already
I had speculated because Marina and Marta
They had already had some discussion in
previous days It was not clear
announced the live since I was
Nevada closes announced the day before
then of course then Loli in the
direct from the afternoon where
Peppa already had that message in mind
Marina you lie and if not look for the direct
Peppa's from the afternoon before and there you have it
Ah, I didn't know that, well, I didn't know that.
I had prepared But come on I didn't know
I didn't know that
me but well the point if the point is
very simple if the point the point the
point with these people is very simple they are
the profile of people who are V are the
profile of people who do the
tricks that they do and do any
stuff
for its purpose it is worth it or they are not
people of fi I think that the profile that
are perfectly clear or so
Look, this is not a new thing now.
It's already one more, it's one more than one more
this that this that just happened to see
like those of Troy now if he claims that it
Marina, you don't lie, I was right. This
for me it is a ma of so much I know
perfectly what happened what happened
It was that Loli handled a lot of
channels with their money without more and then they
They invented the nonsense, no, but when you
I gave you to eat my balls since I
You have up to the tip of your [ __ ] with it
when I gave it to you when I gave it to myself here
It's like when I gave any of the
that they give here obviously if it comes here
now self-criticism Pili Maleficent or
any lucky one, I'll put 300 bucks on it
Here Dolores Guapa is worth a point here
Loli has not been allowed here
impose their opinion or veto any topic or
insult anyone or anything like they have
allowed they okay they Peppa here
sucking up to me because Peppa
I wanted to collaborate with entities to Pepa
I would have liked to be Carmen, to be Elena, to be
alanne happens is that I took without doing
no noise I stopped bringing it because
I was watching what he was doing with
Loli went to look for her on Instagram piin and
especially tonight that tonight that
She was very shameless because I saw her here
I saw him, he, I saw her.
I calmly saw his face here
quietly or rather because I was
writing to me by
private for me to put it here or not
I remember why and I was
writing applauding Marina and I have
also a catch By the way Elena
apart from the messages that were coming to me
sending me telling me I believe Marina
I believe what they tell you, I also have one
screenshot of her being in the chat
putting emojis of
applause you know I mean she was giving it to him
Of course if you do not agree with
a statement you do not applaud Of course
The next day they were already saying that
no, no, Mar was lying that Marina
He lied that Loli had been there
with them and Loli it was like a radio station
from there of course a reporter directly
Antonio David Loli knew it for sure and
Peppa played the channel, she bet the
channel that we have here we have it
put a lot of times also
the channel bet because she had
checked the evidence and knew
perfectly that Loli was not lying about what
from Granada So Loli invented it
from Granada for defending the relationship of
Marta and Antonio David and Peppa cont'd
dance to Loli's tune, okay? No
only the next day was
saying the opposite of from here the
last night but to dance the
water because he really liked Lolly, let's go
to stop fooling around, he wouldn't dance to it
water for which the water danced
He even started betting his channel
bet his channel because what Loli
He said it was true and I went and said everything
anything that has to do with Peppa or
anything with Peppa away nor the
I blocked or said anything in public or
I didn't insult her or mess with her or
I messed with Loli, I just ignored her and
I stopped calling her and she called all afternoon
when I was not called when she
want when she wants and when I want
Have Gan and time if you want I can
perfectly demonstrate to him how people
I already told him that I reproached him for his attitude
before the first time you
you would call blog before that had its chat
full of people who were reproaching him
your attitude yes yes yes yes we have it
We have So don't come with a roll of
that you have thrown hatred on high
because you were the one who didn't no no no no
your own people because the people who
I had Peppa from minute one in the
straight just like me Peppa we are going to be
Honest aunt, you didn't make it to the live show.
you didn't have any audience you have
the people of telesalseo point to you do not
I didn't even know anyone on YouTube, you left
with the people from telesalseo to ask him
vizum Sorry for a second Javi because
It's true your son said the other day that
It was a lie to ask for a fan
for your son's B on your third
straight
Peppa Channel, did you put the bizum you asked for?
40,000 times a sheet of paper to write it down
Yes, we have put Javi's people
Here we have put that image here
Well, the other day he said that was it
lie that that was men the channel no
It was monetized because it did not collect
still the YouTube requirements and already
She was putting the channel sign
from the bizum so that they would give you bizum
Javi's people from Telesalseo, what a mess.
It's really cool, but I put it here and I
I tell you because I am in the same situation
Javi's situation, which I know perfectly well.
what that is I know what it is to open a
channel doesn't bother me, so let's go
seeing me doesn't bother me, you know that in that
sense because I feel bad that
You say those things because in that case,
I don't care, it doesn't bother me
that someone what bothers me is
when I saw his profile it was this one
type of person. I want someone to come to me.
person eh Although he has less followers and
come from here obviously
if I do one when I do one
interview I gain followers when I
He mentioned me Ah I have won something
Followers That's how it is That works like this
no no wait it has nothing to do with that
You benefit, Javi, from what you don't have.
nothing to do with you benefiting, I will
Here when I get on and Carmen and Alazne
What is the first thing you do in your
little name that is here below son who
such a vum damn that you put in your
direct in any case because that is what they are
very attitudes
climbers, do you understand me? That's what I want to climb.
scratch say I'm going to put myself here with
my visa because of course the people of
Javi then if I get on with the visa
Same thing, some of them fall on me. No sir, things
They are not made like that and you open your channel and
They are promoting you too much And
You are lucky that not everyone can
count on that Javi this is a
lucky that you open a live show and you
have people who are supporting you
because they gave you a hand, damn it
wait to monetize it at least and in
in case you don't do it on top of it, don't do it
deny it uncle no no the truth she me
He asked for permission to put the visa and I
I told him put it put it put it we put it
I don't remember everyone, even us
we want to put it all on screen misoo
Yes yes yours I told me I have to
put it I'll explain to you why I say to
You don't have to explain anything to me.
what you have to put to me what I don't
I like it now when I see to see it is that no
I don't know what words to use to define this.
If you understand me, but that doesn't matter to me.
It matters I understand that a small channel
wants to grow and if you come here to
collaborate with me, well ...
win win repercussion win whatever
I understand that perfectly and I don't
It doesn't matter to me that doesn't bother me and if
Now suddenly a follower of mine who donates
Here he gives me less because some of
you guys that I don't also feel me
I feel bad even saying this to myself.
What bothers me is your profile, the profile
of a person who is with tricks and
with the things that are going on that I believe
mischief the mischief he had for the
What am I telling you, son, is mischief?
What am I telling you, my sister?
It's one thing that it doesn't bother you and
another thing is what we do
Javi, I could have put myself first.
direct and say as she said as no
still monetized Give me a little sign
Ortega Wait, I'm going to put the
phone number of the visa I'm going to buy
ventilated with a blade and the angel the other
day with all his nerve he said that he is
One lie and I'll look for it for you, Angel.
because it doesn't cost me anything, find it here.
We have the CP, that is true. But
she I have seen from the fan I have it
seen fan she what she wanted here
was to get to YouTube, open a channel and
have a monthly salary but that way you know
as if this were like let's see
I was here I think it was two years without
charging by doing and the situation is
different Javi but that thing about the Canal
say sorry sorry go on go on now what
I ask the situation is different because
to have us a godfather I speak to you for
I on the front line earn much more than
what you earned for what treasure because
you didn't have someone who would have helped you
brought 200 people like I can have
Every day seeing me you understand me
So you count on that, it is no longer yours.
My weapon is not enough for you
that people are watching to see you no but
Let's see, there is also the trafficking
Look, look what the0 has done, I don't
I was wrong and this is about people who you
does this with the 240 is what I
I saw that night not because it was set
I see it on the screen and such, well, those are things
that I have them super normalized and
we when we have gathered here
five or six people each put their
visa number let's do it here
let's do it wherever that is not the issue
It's the trick that there are words
that I would like to be able to say for
describe it but I can't find it but
this this is ao this is aleo of the 240
for example this is a simple fact
to catch find a person who
donate a lot to look for her on her Instagram and
put in the time, time, time to finish such and such.
Of course, and the last straw was when you said
host because you can put yourself here
good on screen but another thing is you You
fidelity your loyalty you understand that you are
a traitor that you are that you that me that me
would stab, speaking metaphorically
that he stabbed me for 2 you understand me or
be this lady was here applauding
But the next day I had to
dance the water to Loli because Loli was the
the one who liked her a lot, you understand me and
So when I saw that I didn't
I attacked but it's not that I didn't attack her and
There is a record of this, I can prove it with
She here in a debate Whenever she wants by
what happens they don't accept my debate But I
I don't even block it from lifting
free Look, I don't know if you've seen the
Ricky Edi's themes with his girlfriend, I don't know
What is a topic that I have talked about
we have a lot of impact
that if I stop right now tomorrow
follow Anne half an hour later I'm 25
Twitter accounts saying Javi already
does not follow alne they have fought of course
instant or so and without a detective or anything
They are like that, so I didn't even stop following her.
I didn't block her or anything, I just
there no I didn't pay attention to it, I didn't bring it back and
That's it and when she realizes
that I'm not uploading it here anymore
that is not getting anything for me by
the good ones then try to get it out of me
through bad means it keeps getting worse, it keeps getting worse
it's poking, it's getting on your nerves
when he doesn't mess with me he messes with him
donkey that even starts to say that we must
see what we are saying here alne and
Javi doesn't answer us what they say
We have the click, it's literally coming.
a live show in which I come in and say
get out of here I don't know what I didn't have to
having done it that way because people didn't
understand people didn't understand it you know and
It looked bad but I was completely right.
He had been telling us for weeks anyway
money-grubbing but not to me to a lot of
youtubers than the rest of
youtubers who also went because pppa
said peseteros in plural and some
Sometimes he even gave a name and then none.
He took for granted that nothing more than I am worth
but he didn't call Antonio David a pesetero
He played along with it also because the
Antonio David followed his lead and there
There is Antonio David's cl saying that
We had said something about Loli
and we beat the Peppa pig story
that story comes from Loli was the audio
by Antonio David and she used the
audio by Antonio David
For David it was months after
Peppa had been telling the story for a few years now.
how many months that story that story
because it was when Antonio was in
his
channel but Peppa had already had a few
months with that refrain yes But nothing no
There are fewer. I mean, it was Peppa Loli Loli.
does not have the ability to unravel that
The story is prepared by Peppa.
He puts it in Loli's head and he'll take it away.
putting it in Tokis's head, damn it, he said
that you wanted to silence her, that you wanted her
in all the channels
That was the mantra he repeated and as a
Loli, there is nothing worse than saying it to her.
Shut up, don't talk, it was so clear to you.
They want to silence you, they want to kick you out.
all the channels so you have no voice
I will not open mine to you anywhere. Come
Here, here you will have a voice.
It was the play and I was watching where
Let's see, no, of course, now and it started to
repeat that you that it was for money that you
you had gotten angry about the money I watched
I didn't watch everything where I didn't
I was watching Loli's money to see
where he donated to make me jealous of his
money I luckily have my
I like that people make visits
member of course we have 3000 and something
of members in the salsa bar the youtubers
We live on This is worth it But I am a
person leaves because now suddenly
prefers to go to the Alanne Canal and
donate to him on the contrary I will be happy for
she and I have always said I prefer that
when you give super chat members and those
things you do on channels that are not
better not have so many visits
you understand and you need it more I am not
chasing to see where Loli donates
Huerta what I do is what I already had to do
look for that argument to stop
start attacking if not what was going to happen
attack what I do is in front of a
person who is calling me a money-grubber
to take something from this lady, eh?
simply the fact of getting together to
Peppa was enough of an alert for me.
to take and from himself out of everyone who
be in Peppa's environment around
be it followers, be it twitterers, be it whatever
be out and time has proven me right
If you look at the 240, man, and that
still have people
I'm coming in and supporting the least bit.
the two after the 240 uncle or
be it they want it more you have not stopped
not even a single direct talk about you How much
makes a solo
not since May or in April, which was that
Marina has not stopped mentioning the sun
that has its tricks Carmen has its
little trick she doesn't talk about
Javi, man, what he says is true.
What happens is that he doesn't name him with his
name let's see it do you remember that I
I started repeating his name many many times
many many times and I said you will see the
next time you decide to check the times
that I name him is going to
hallucinate sometimes
Oh, how silly you are.
shepherd such a brilliant mind Pepa how you
you have set the trap and it has
fallen I'm amazed with you
Pepita, I'm going to that video.
that telesalseo saw that Javi checked
we keep removing
masks So I agree with you
Peppa because I'm like that wait let's go
the transcription of that video is valid
to see where it says the 40 times
followed eh in the transcription of the
video where you put the 40 times in a row
Javi according to you your trap This is the
transcript of your video okay Let's go
hit it here 41 times eh pppa patience
But you and I will take this guy apart.
pppa is already running out of roll
Javi okay I don't know if you see it marked in
screen will look small I'm sorry
but I can't make it any bigger
the word Javi in orange or yellow
as I move the cursor
giving it 40 times every time
that in the live with a minute to the side
where the word Javi is said it will be
easy because of course it has to be in a
given moment where the 40 times are
named the word because it was the
trap that she set for him, let's see
Javi 3 4 5 6 7 we continue eh sure that
We found Pepa for sure, wait for this
There will be times when you name it because you don't
I know other topics but no no you don't
you name it, you don't name it here it has to be
the trap is somewhere Javi Javi
Javi Javi
Father, but with all your heart, what I value
all his nerve and I take out the video that
I take out the video and she doesn't take it out
ask what your audience values or
be this is already that you already know that you have one
audience that no matter what you do
after the 240 after that gives
just like it is even if they don't buy it
because obviously their audience This
She doesn't buy it. That is, she knows that she doesn't
There is a live show where Javi Javi is mentioned.
ha ha 40 times she knows she mentions me
because no yes he did it eh listen yes he did it
Look Javi did, do you remember what he said?
The other day Lasne tried the other day
making a live stream be content
different because I'm talking about Marta Riesco
lasne you know what he did in that live
that I saw him later fake a call with
Javi
oliveira I swear and then another one with
almodobar ay ay ay Pepa is her way of
report what has happened with
Marten
Pepita is at risk of reinforced concrete
you have it
eh of reinforced cement like the other one
son says I have blocked so-and-so because
They came to tell me okay
so-and-so goes to Elena's live show and
comes here, comes and goes and I have blocked her
because I don't like the running around and
to which
informed does not block it because it is going and
It comes not that they are real But I
I imagine this would be like humor of
she doesn't Yes man
Of course no, but he hasn't done it again.
She's put pigtails back on, right?
the other day I was here like a
Oh my goodness, it's me again
I had to hang up on you because he came
my daughter-in-law
Argentina don't get angry, he said that
Since you criticize me so much, what's going to happen to you?
send a lot of people Argentina Yes
You don't care, it's just that they already talk to me like that, yes
don't have it in
account yes why I call you but yes
I told you before because it came in
One here saying that she is already with Javi. Well
Now I'm going to call it What is the command of
the TV Yes yes I'm talking to you with the
remote control yes you
tell that Pepa has power eh he
I have heard you, I have heard you, my friend
Pepita from Argentina look here there is a
Matas who is from the
Argentina, yes no, it doesn't seem to me, I'll see.
I understand that it gives you a topic
visit but there are already things you have to
have a little dignity and not something O
it may make you feel ashamed
Those things have reminded me of the day
that the chili was put on and the people there
in it
ch but that is continuous eh she does
much that calls
director if the case to
see the colors to taste and if
audience finds it funny that she calls
a film director and they want to leave
The laughter box seems great to me.
as long as it was not a fake call to
a film director to make us green
that's what she does That's her
content is she doesn't know how to do anything else
thing she does not to the film director for
talking to him about the risky sea or even talking about
by K midelton and what he wants to do with humor
but if he doesn't get involved but it's that his
audience is what Elena claims that
mess with us. Of course, of course, that is.
It's not like you put green but you put
green to everyone but us
we can put green a lot of
people here this one is the c well this one is the other
the coscu the other has the subject
central and you you because you are
with me of course Then yes Well to me
Alazne treats me like always, no
treating her badly as if she were bad and
What's up, but it has me like a
Javi Bueno contempt yesterday he tells me no
He tells me, look, he's sending me because
all this Elo talking and she with him
mobile as you always know looking at its
things and sending him things he says Oh me
They send you, wait, no, Elenita, I'm not going to tell you.
feed you I'm not going to feed you
says he's here pecking at what what
Teresa is left over at the seo But to you
because they are used to it as if
her place can't be it
immovable And they see you as that
new Because they don't believe that you
I know from yesterday it's like but
regardless of whether you know me or
no, that the valuation of friendship no no
I have seen many things like that I
whitewash that you have put me there
just for me to do your work
Elenita, I'm going to talk, take me c
disrespecting me a lot, you know, but
I have the perception that she
I wish she would be here in the
little window I mean she yes yes I don't her
I come to give way she is here
talking about the art of Troy of Loli
another of her opinion of these people
It would be another and she would be here and
then she sees you as if you are
I think I've known you since yesterday and suddenly
you have opened the channel and I have put you
in her schedule You more or less know
and Elenita who takes clips and now everything
the chat telling me to grab clips
treating me as if I were that as I don't know
because they repeat what she says
absolutely like sheep
Also, well, let's play the
last and and We already left the people
Breathe for today and have a good one
weekend but there is one here
Little thing they told me that this is direct
There's a little bit of something but I don't know anymore.
Yes, but here there is a little thing that
represents very well everything that is everything
what she says everything she says by
the mouth eh attentive to
This is good, pay attention, who are you really throwing at me?
for balls but it's the browser eh
a pain, I have to update the browser
What happens is that I'm lazy because already
then you have to put it all in again
all accounts all password and
Since I don't stop, well, pay attention. This is her.
one day he decided to talk about Javi
react to a live video of mine, what a video
has removed and I tell you what video I have
removed each you know what video has
taken away from you for something you and your mother
I say what video have you removed Ed yes
that for some reason He who called her a [ __ ]
a [ __ ] who charges called him okay
no [ __ ] cob what is this guy talking about
That refers to when he was here
second
And elco
Javi, what a vision he has taken and I tell you what
I have removed each one, you know what it is
taken away from you for something you and your mother
I say what video have you removed from that
He who called her a [ __ ] continues for something
a [ __ ] who charges called him okay
no [ __ ] what the hell is he talking about
this
That refers to when he was here
second and Ah, what about dinner, not what about the
dinner that Paco said you We
We are a [ __ ] and you are Dick, the one who smells like me.
also that I don't know that I don't know how much that
That's why I
I removed it already but I haven't even done it yet
I said it, nor have I said it, nor have I said it
I haven't even said it, my mother hasn't gone out
the word [ __ ] out of anyone's mouth
of us how what you say is that
He called me a son of a [ __ ], no ...
I have the video, I showed it to you the other day
stop lying and my mother when she
You said that creepiness that I don't remember
What did you tell him about Eh, well I don't remember
right now but not the good son of a [ __ ]
[ __ ], she called me, eh, I mean Peppa
I call myself a son of a [ __ ] and I have to
Of course, here I don't, no. Of course, I don't.
I called her a [ __ ], I was just
next to and or rather and the one next to it while
I called her a [ __ ] and I was doing it and in
her channel is not something she has broadcast
her channel because she is the only one who uploads it
channel is not on the second or second channel
Paco but apart from the justification that
day after me that this I have not
called a person a [ __ ] because I haven't
pronounced the four letters to me
It seems like a marvel But well I have it
heard so many times but come on look
as when I said it he knew what
we were referring to what I said you said that
you called you had to delete a live stream
because you called him I called the one a [ __ ]
flight Let's see, I didn't understand, I don't know
Well, I'll leave you, I'm going straight to what an aso
because I don't know what has
said to pass a
house said that said that I
I am a whorehouse that runs a house
Well look dude, these are [ __ ] [ __ ]
Here we are mu
[ __ ] Starting with the one you have
side or you have looked at how much you
that you have at
side
I'll tell you one thing
There is nothing simpler than that if you
you are not afraid of anything, take the call
that I am you
making me they called me [ __ ] that no
I had balls, I have it all.
saved in and on top of that all this came to
collation of a Corre beidile that was
misinforming, that is, because he went to the Channel
of Peppa saying that on the flight the
They were calling me pilingui when I wasn't
truth is that it was because of a bad run
that was with the broken phone
so it was so funque although Come here to me
tell me that they are
saying murderers at the time in which
that you answer in the same terms
to take it up the ass but on top of that it was
no no no no no let's see let's see No, I'm here
Without seeing it or anything they come and tell me that
This guy called you a [ __ ] and I
would you allow me to go and tell him
[ __ ] [ __ ] you are the first
[ __ ] you are a [ __ ] who eats you
all the [ __ ] that I don't know that I don't know
As stated there, the first thing is without
check it out still best if you do
I check Well we'll see if you give me the
Javi's reason Yes but she already in
cold because you say Well there they were
with were celebrating something Not what
may not be but the next day the
The arrangement she makes to that video is
hech s No here it ends because I know that
Well, the same thing they told you
Victory to those who have felt With
a glass of Rio in the
hand, good nothing, eh, from here I ask
apologies to those who may have felt
aggrieved and And in this case also
to the lady of de
Victoria because I know that it is good that it is
Same as they told you Victoria, I told it to you
They told me what happens is that I don't
it
I took it seriously Because as I know that it is not
I'm going to do what nerve he has
nothing, let's see, I can call you
serial murder and [ __ ] if you're not
Why are you offended, man? Are you going to offend me?
sorry but here it is
INS let's see if I [ __ ] you and tell you good
Hey yeah let's go, parrela says No to me
They also call me [ __ ] but I don't
I offend because I know I'm not clear
and you are offended because you are and apart from that
that a friend A friend doesn't tell you in
the same tone I mean imagine that no
friends who are not a [ __ ] or anything and another
It's a thing for you to tell me that, man.
what are you talking about clearly but that's how it works
Everything is the justification that is that to me
He also called me but what do you know?
make the son deny that kind of things
Uncle Because the mother is already here
accustomed to telling lies and such
things when he said it and now he is
proves it and tells you no again and
deceives his audience not as if by
example with that of Javi Javi Javi But and
the son what did I say but on top of that Elena
but in am more than H to YouTube
It's that but on top of that he denies it
Knowing the truth because he has had
to withdraw the
video I assure you I assure you it was him
the one who told him Look Do please
make a video apologizing and
then he also said that he was going to edit the
video and re-upload it without those parts in
those who are disrespectful, which is not the case
done what is it that goes up Hello good
nights when they cut there I go or so
maybe if you remove the parts that
disrespect remains in a video
In 3 minutes you probably know exactly
So the son is aware of it
What was said in that live broadcast doesn't interest me
tell stories F much but let's go that to
From now on you can call him a climber
and everything we want her to give us
It offends if it isn't, it is.
true what happens that what happens that s
It is. Let's see, wait, I think there is
more things from now on and we're leaving
I really promise you that we are leaving soon.
eh a
unfair moment with you two
Well, she will value it over time.
totally Loli's chat is being
horrible and pitiful man Elisa
Rivero in Loli's chat is involved
Elisa Rivero Hey Elisa Rivero is
offending from a chat eh watch out people
from Pepa people of chili and by the
messages that have been read to me while
I was walking Sacha and they were
warming up Loli, poor thing like you
They have betrayed you Look how bad he is
Trojan no no the worst is Tania and everything
that from the same little group of people already
we know how it works eh from here a
kiss thank you thank you aunt
thanksa the same no Hey but that the
Loli is CA but is reading the chat in
real time but says we already know how
It works, so they warm up Loli Loli
It's like that because they heat it up or whatever.
he's saying that no but of course or whatever
but if hurt because her friends
They played badly. Well, friends.
Understand me in a bad way but how bad
It's the people who are telling you in the
chat
Poor little aunt, how they played you.
Bad are the people who are heating it up
eh exactly exactly Clear clear
The bad ones are the others, their friends and the
they have done it with all good intentions
You may think I'm bad, but he says he already knows.
How it works Of course they turn Loli on
Loli Look, I don't know what he does, I don't know what he does.
what he has done all this time
warm up Loli so she moans here
with everyone mother
My tremendous Good family but do you believe
that this is final in two days no no
What I said has gone away but this is from
Look just like he said Now eh Because
the thing about Troy when he said that
Marina you lie not that now inside
three weeks are fixed, they are not here for us
throwing [ __ ] and they say they're going to pick it up
cable the fault is ours of course Yes yes
Those are like that, so I don't know if they will do it.
But after these I would be very
Come on, I would be very ashamed of the
pass by a person after I
have made you look ridiculous in a way you know
I see them capable of anything, eh, Loli has it
a mood more changeable than the weather
but he did say that today's situation is not
I was going to forget him so easily no no no
No, I'm not referring to Loli O in this case.
I mean in any case tray and
bring Tania and Troy, that is, me
You make me look ridiculous like that.
everyone on top and but it happens that
have dignity Elena Bueno is also
true because it made her green and
laughing at how she cried and opening a
direct to [ __ ] on the three of us
exactly is using believe Tania that
tomorrow you will be defending if the
are using for the victim
We defend it, they use it, they use it
They need it from what they've told me so
has risen in call to Troy and
I was very indignant with the one who is treating me
saying Watch racel's latest video and
That is what I have put, which is what is already
We haven't seen anything. Why, because of Loli?
for Loli's answer why not
was grateful or what will be
outraged by the comments of
Troy man, I don't know what video it is.
racel they are referring to in the chat is
that what is put is the giving of Troy
but he may have put some more or the same
continues when
It ends because then it starts again
with Peppa but still nothing continues
It is the same thing we have seen from Troy
It's the art of Troy, there's nothing on Twitter
still from Tania and the call that
have had Ah of the
Martians says something about the Martians
Rosa sent it to you by md, I think.
Let's see. They sent me several things.
Ok, they sent me this, which is
basically what we were talking about before
No
Look, I'm not here in case there is any doubt.
Loli's stepmother incarnates says no
It is true public images Carna
confirm that she is the one who has suffered the
who has suffered from cancer, which is not
It is true that Oli had it, he says that
He had cancer and we found out
that you are the one with cancer and she says
It's not true. Of course, but here when it says
It is not true, it refers to that of course she
hasn't
had man what I think there is there
This thing about this lady has done it
had this lady Then of course what
when or when a conversation
long, they take two sentences out of context
Carmen Claro but if she says No it is true and
She is this lady so this thing that she
has had therefore will have to refer to
Loli, I don't know. I'm already fed up, or so this is it.
what have you done
done but I didn't expect this I saw
I have seen for myself that it was unif that you have
I'm done now
fed up I can be very bad eh but very
Yes, eh. No, not until now. Until now it has.
been good don't [ __ ] with me look look look
shooting yes I am a screaming chav but
I raise my voice when they touch me
Damn, I was going to say something but I'm not going to.
to say why he had sued her. Well
Well, I don't lose them
papers because he already told me with whom
it was spoken to and with whom not and with this
but that will be so in me
and you don't have a [ __ ] clue about me
life but also
Let's see. This can't be normal, normal.
that they are criticizing the flight and that
They are the ones who take my brother out
the
arena
Oh mommy just left the side
dark I'm already
fed up with you host How good man But how
the [ __ ] does that how
I know it's square, man. I don't know, but the day
that R decides to become YouTube kicks us out
the leg all Not since
then
Listen to me, there's nothing about the call
still from these people to see a
just before the hymn there is nothing
still on Twitter let's see if I can see it on
YouTube has done nothing, dude, I can watch it on
YouTube I'm going to see if I'm going to see if it comes out
something is that maybe he has it on
so that it cannot be rewound
no I don't think so no it's not true Let's see and how
I know now what part of the call is
I have advertising on everything
I know and Karen 90 asks you and pppa
above a little of the live of this
afternoon of pppa you have not seen
nothing above a little and what do you think
That one above sounds a little bit good
We thank you not only for
we the place to say oysters No
Well, look at a good one or whatever
Getting us out has gone wrong for them
I don't know if Loli was invited.
It could be I don't know according to what he says
The speech of both was the
It seems to me that they were talking about it
secret that I already have
Let's get the trip with friends right now.
I'm going to them
see and I'm going to tell you one thing and see the
that they are going to give me to see what they are going to give me
come up with this This is going to stay in
diapers when Tania and he argue
Troy eh watch out eh that's going to happen
be duel of titan
eh but
but these already come with their asses
bald and they are not telling each other things
intimate Elena of course does not say Oh no to
Tania has other things left in life
to learn other fights with people who
he's going to fight
Oh my goodness, what are they saying now?
you have to do live tomorrow no?
I can't be a Gossip Cat, I'm not a member nor
I can't even see it and I certainly don't
I spend 1 or 2 to become a member of where
No, I don't want to ruin my son, but
member from where from where what is it
They are doing for members Ah is that
Let's see the chat is for
members
you can des
then do
member no ti chat for members but the
live that can be seen
Ah, Tania was here, she's here, right?
is lost
a
Ah, I understand. If my eyesight doesn't fail me, yes.
I'll put you with me if I don't come, no, no, no
No need to pass it to me if possible.
see It doesn't happen
nothing yes Alice Peppa Bertran the same as
always pooping slyly now
I say it out loud, I say it now
Peppa Beltrn is an artist who puts
[ __ ] in a sibylline way but not
Don't expect any defense, none of them, eh?
little eye Neither friend nor enemy what do you want
Sacha is in session with the [ __ ]
real candy from me to give cookie
Well, just like
you
Oh my God, it was the one from the
Jellybean who was going to set up a kiosk
They have taken my profile on Twitter
that I have become more handsome today than ever
with my new perqueria recently
I had my manicure done and my lips painted
eye shadow of de
Chanel listen to me she's laughing but
that she had become so
there was a wedding
Hey, he thought it was live.
she was pretty she had become pretty today yes
autoc was special I knew I was going to have
many eyes on you today Tania this
It's like when the ladies
you're going to the TV or something and you
get ready for the hairdresser and such
leaving reminded of what reminded me
Carmen you know what you know about the
nails this that there was all the Go the goal of
the nails and all the birds are the lady
with her little dresses of faithful cut
there all emotionally fixed
arranged to appear on regular TV
normal let's see that's very good
Elois the vieta very good fluff very good
Let it continue Let it continue eating dust for
Please don't meet this guy who has nothing
what to see Oh by the way I have
heard say
that as dangerous not the subject of Loli
It's dangerous now he realizes clearly and
I'm watching unet that says when seg
that the demands come are the
first to escape and begin to put
distance from certain people who knew that
It was wrong But coincidentally until the
date they didn't say anything that that says it
for her and her support to
Bravo Javi flight No this is this is a
tweet against them eh what do I say that
that he will tell him for the support that he gives him
He was sending to the flight that he understood the
tweet be the TT not understood And not that
I am now saying that it is wrong
because rats are the first to
abandon ship Of course because as if
I've been saying it since day one, you know.
Ah, so now we are not here.
detaching from what the person is doing
flight Let's see, no, no, I don't
No, that's not beautiful, no, I'm not saying that's not it.
It's like that, the live shows have been out there, no
Look for it, look for it here where I speak
where I monetize where I dedicate myself to
my direct to talk about family issues
nor to reproduce what has been said in
the flight comes but we have put it yes
is that we have also put it here that
they put it the opposite Or that is the
It's funny. Look, let's see. But Javi, what?
It's very easy for him not to tell me stories
that I have not contacted anyone
familiar and she does Punto Pelota and she
It ended exactly but look at what it was for
learn a good YouTube and work
Okay, she looks at you, no, for example
If you want to profit from Jabi Oliveira,
that what I should do now is
take and open a live show tomorrow but what
put all these cl where since
Loli stopped donating, I insulted her.
I attacked I chased her Okay now for
example what has he said that
we have been supporting the
flight of nu Cris and that we such Y
Now we can smell the smells
Loli's demands Eh Of course the rats
They are the first. Well, now what she is doing
should do is instead of taking and
get me to click on Hey My First Birthday
Okay, so what I had to do was get me out.
the clicks of now from when we have
been here giving credence to the whole
This story is about the LOL brothers and
other but he's not going to take it out he's going to take it and
will release again that in the year
2018 2019 I [ __ ] on the dead of a
forum member who and I got into the holes
that had the face that I was cut off
I repeat again, it is believed that I
I'm going to be ashamed of the cold ones who
If the forum members tell me what you
They told you about your family I come more
far away and I hope they sue me
that yes, yes, yes, they are going to
sue but she takes out the
my click collection from 6 years ago
okay as if I were going to be embarrassed and if
Aunt if instead of collecting the clicks that
They are sending you to go and look for him yourself.
The live ones are uploaded there on my
channel to see what's coming to me tomorrow
This morning he sent you twice to the
[ __ ] well this morning he sent me
twice to the [ __ ] [ __ ] you go to the
[ __ ] and trust her answer
what's on his mind and you're the one
that you are going to sue me or rather a one
called Says that Tania is a mother and her
answer and you are the one who is going to me
sue Yes I am the one who is going to sue you
sue But because you have said things that
They are not about many topics suddenly
missing
Not clear and puts the deep throat of the
flight the flight that channel that I despised
jav oliveira and who approached him for
end with Loli Peppa is a channel that
that I want to finish off Peppa Peppa
It has to have started, why am I going to?
I want to finish with
She for me Pepa lapa a person from here
the geeks, I mean, eh, it's that I that I
I approach the flight but what is it that I
What have I done with the flight?
I keep up with the flight. Look, you know what?
What am I doing now with the flight?
with Jordi for a favor he asked me
Kira's father and as I have seen that
They handle intelligence well.
artificial I asked Jordi and we are
there to see if we can get it that the
man wants us to make a video for him
as if it were Kira okay that's what and
and the and the and the the entrance into the call
what did I do but I don't have a relationship
with them and there will be things that I
like it sometimes when I enter others that
no and for example this thing about Nuri, well for me
I have never liked it, I have never supported it or
but I'm not going to fight with them
because I would love to but they
I would love for us to be there all the time
day encouraging and that it was a plot
clear and as it is not and the only ones
people I repeat that they have
contacted apart from nuric has
Tania has been the only person exactly
It pisses him off because it pisses him off because the very
how affected Lolis has been today she has
thrown in the face of both of them has hit him a
review
Well, I'll be there in two days and I'll be back.
dedicate live broadcasts
from that channel that has already been given the
kick will not have to wait two days
the one who has already been kicked out And from there
the face of Suso said that every day is
whiter than a freshly painted wall
is turning the color of death
I don't know anymore, but the thumbnail is good.
is
I'm quiet, good day I'm talking to my mistress
Very good. You have to do that.
take advantage of the ash that is left of
ash no there is no
chuch who kicked him
flight is that you don't have to kick them
because we have never been colleagues
We are Exactly, let's go, I think I'm going in
the flight I'm still welcome eh but
apart from that kick, let's see, I'm not in agreement
I agree with this, I don't like this, I don't like it.
I see well but above all on the part of us
Cris, what I said yesterday, that is, this is it.
he is putting up street photos no
I know what how much or Well, let me still count
the gossip is still there I say Well
maybe I wouldn't have done it but
you want me to not be listening to him
gossip not about what he has said
Loli's brother and such in the end
Loli's brother is also free from
answer or not I'll tell you too then
It is there because if Loli's brother or the
sister whatever you have wanted to talk about
with Nuri knowing that Nuri is going to do it
counting on such good is worth to me and what
I didn't start to like it was the whole thing
I'm going with a plane I'm here look at the
street photo is come on that I don't even
I'm not going to fight with Nuri nor am I going to fight
I'm not going to argue with the flight either.
They are not my friends, that is, Nuri is in
against me because I understand that she eh
has other opinions different from those
mine of the subject of the do put that and all
These things don't happen and I think he messes with me.
I mean, it sounds familiar to me, but I had entered
Here for a very long time I have seen
Nuri, well, Nuri goes to all the
places we go that I have seen
around here to Nuri a while ago with Nuri the
true but that goes around there for all the
places we go but I have on your channel
I've seen Nuri. Yes, but I'm not going to see him.
but but come on, you don't know her
You have never spoken about anything in your life with
she Come on clear in fact I think that I
I fought on Twitter but it's like
better tomorrow to Anne or Carmen or Elena
Well, he says one thing and I say, well, to me.
I don't like what the
Carmen, I do not agree with this.
or the Elena of me, that is, I myself
I would take a H issue personally.
What I know is that I wouldn't even know what example
put yourself not I mean I know that you put yourself
with the lanne what the what did to her
Loli a la lane, that's where I'll take it.
You know something like that but that I don't know
With Loli I had taken it myself
only person was missing, let's go Yes man nor
that we lose not even a minimum of
energy after how that lady
carried with us go man there you are
fix it but they don't take it to the
staff nor themselves, look at it
little that they take it to the staff that
They have been the ones who have put themselves in
contact with amente nothing we have already done
So we have already done more than them.
that has been not reacting to certain
things that we have already done
more than he had been reacting to each
something that has been said about the movement of
These people today, you know what it has been like
not the movement of these people today has
been that they are seeing that the flight is
having 800 10000 I don't know what
viewers with this topic these this
last month and they are desperate and they are
trying to pull the same thing and they believed
that they have said host Well if the
flight were with the same
spectators that we and now are
with the triple we are going to get in
Here too little by little and now the
excuse that since Loli has dedicated a
direct and such now the excuse is going to be
a war against Loli now yes
They are going to call Brother Cousin and the baker
and the shoemaker was not a shoemaker who
They also mentioned the shoemaker.
I'm going to look for a protector to adopt you
You've ruined me with so much [ __ ]
Men more than anyone else finances them for you, I'm going
to ask your community if we do
The paleras or not have already said yes if
are delighted if you like them too
bloodletting if These are bad as
We fakes who want to meet one
once a week sup to give us TR to
everyone and they're going to call themselves the faker, let's go
what they already did on their channels what
He had already met on his channel with Detroy
a few and make people green
indeed the first ones that
They met in partnership to criticize
Javi lasne for example were them
exactly It's not exactly that
innovative Tania is not so innovative but
I already did this in May of the year or
be April and May of last year that
we are saying this but if you go
doing you What happens that I don't know
called you did not give him a name but
Come on, you were already criticizing
all channels to put green to the
people reacted today in none of the
geeky tubers that we have made have
said the atrocities that have been said
In those live shows we will see but what about
Anyway, and with this we close.
What is the content of
They look today Tania has tried for
here for what I'm seeing Look sub a
video on the topic Dani Alve 100
visits
100 is worth 3000 here I answer you is
something already of
What then be something of yours Loli something of
that has to
be
questions here when this comes out is a
video
how porado that I this is tremendous
what does this mean is uploading a video
Royal important statement from the Navy
snal, that is, puts a filter on a video
Tele5 uploads it because if they find out,
of Troy with how much against it is
steal content look at another look
Look, here I am even behind you
eh here because I was there the thing about the
Maria del Monte Look, I mean, I'll take a video.
and I upload it. So you appear in all the
literal videos even those that are
Maria del
Here's a video that's not about her either.
that this is what
He was the father of
Joaqun, but what is this even?
Here is Elol Huerta Vale, so she
trying to make content but this
These are videos
Look, sorry, cheers. That's what the video says.
from another not Javi fast this is not putting
the video of another this is directly
take a video in this case for example
deol upload it to your channel as if I
I'll take tomorrow and upload the save me mother here
My man will line me up
Not me right now, what have they thrown today?
from Friday and I upload it and the other
putting a strike on the FJ because
reacts to Twitter clips where he
They are criticizing him as the boss
coj This is tremendous, it is that it is
what is hypocrisy for what is it
content that she that she
Well, nothing anyway.
eh at least we take it as we
we take it no family have you seen
the message I sent you by
WhatsApp to see what I get
send and Lili's message says that has
It was a sneeze if it seems tight
a doll, these little dolls
of sounding like this
sounded It's that this is It's like a club eh
It's the one that daughter you can put it eh you can
put it It's just that I can't put it in
Screen V you don't have WhatsApp open
I can't open it but it's a comment
from one of Tania's moderators and
I told Egun to come to
say hello according to what happens, it's worth a pass
according to the  est this has been said in the
direct from ard
Troy I have told you yet to come in because
Of course, this topic will surely suit you.
to be very interested I told him that he was
come say hello and treat him well now
collaboration, a collaboration there, beautiful
does not come out will surely not participate in the
fake that one they want to [ __ ] in the fake
true How good good family let's go
try to join the weekend
Let's see if we don't have to meet again
Sunday because it's burning hot
Leave me alone, I'll have it on Monday.
very busy on Monday you have it very
busy well see if on Sunday if we
we gather you
you clear this if we meet on Sunday
is in the
chat clear who clear such Ah no what do you
despas you mean that you spend a lot of time here
good time no of course man Ah well of course
Yes yes he comes like that when he is
thinking that tomorrow is Monday I don't believe it
because these people already tomorrow and that's not
They do live shows. No, but they do it anyway.
you never know today has been completely
improvised but Loli can explode eh
I can do it live at any time of the day
For these people, this day is not a weekend.
Hey, listen, the same thing is happening now and
you open the tan pajama now there it says
Sorry
Ah, it wouldn't be news either, I have my
you doubt that he is not waiting for you
let's close to open because everything is tamed
This from Loli No, but what you said
I'm sure it has outraged you, let's go a little.
a lot a lot a lot Sure sure
I know cyan eh they are blinded with us no
are capable you have heard
Some of them will say well sometime
Look at what Carmen said, she was right.
Well, I don't see this well, because this is what
Loli has never met such a person, eh? And here
We have recognized it to all of you but I
It always happens with me, it happens to me, damn it
directly that was the one defending Tania
because Loli had said I remember
I remember a clip of Loli from two
or three minutes that was a piece of [ __ ]
piece of trash Rose of her crying and
What we did here was put
click where you were defending her
when they told us, well then
She felt offended and opened up directly
against us
By threatening him we have recognized Peppa
how they gave tray to their friends when
she had not behaved the same
form is not valid either eh I don't know it's that
continuous You know today for example we are
agreeing with Loli in this matter
He's right. You'll see how he beats us.
Lolly is a man, don't have the slightest doubt.
that Loli is going to give us strong and weak
but the audios have been put by their
Friends: Well, not to you two, not to Carmen.
and he doesn't mention me or us anymore
Oh, of course, not to you, Carmen, and
Me neither did he say lately that he was going to
make a video and hasn't done anything or
nothing little by little they will go to us
mentioning less if I'm honest
Note that I think that with the live broadcast of
today he is not going to chalk us because he has now
like too many open fronts, damn it
It's that what you do to him is
we have not done what we have done
we do I mean no no no I don't think that we
Respond to today's live broadcast that never stops
They are the ones who protect Elena who
They have their chat with Nauter Flay and D.
see yes
Sir treats him like a meme, not like a
no, he doesn't treat him like a normal person
uploaded to my live that the dalis veira
that one too Good to the chat to the chat has
written the clear chat of them I could
They go to the channels here on tel
I was talking about this about Tania from de
Troy I don't know what two or three comments
has left but it's not that I don't remember
I remember the thing is that it is
tremendous Well now we know what
accounts like to rub shoulders with Tania so much Yes
Yes, those are the accounts with which you
likes to rub shoulders and
in that there are unions between them I will not
to give names is fine But among them
between youtubers between relatives of
youtuber and others that I don't know if it's more
shameful on their part or on their part
part of the other side of the joints no
I know which of the two parts is more
shameful for one to join with the other
or the other one to join with the other I don't know
look at me I would say for both but
that you even go bragging about it already
It seems to me that I should not cry and I am
my ball all [ __ ] day messed up
working without knowing anything about anyone and
They are completely aware of my life
and Mira says you never and no no no
It's that they have their life but this guy
of obsessions and passions I usually
spend a lot or rather it's like I always have
image for this type of people any
something that happened to me now for example
I argue with what I tell you there is
Imagine me arguing with you now
with Johan Morilla because Joana Morilla
He insults me and the machinery of this
people of the mission of these people both
of the east like those of the little group of
pitiful channels of the youth would be
defend Johan Morilla, of course.
whatever he did, yes, yes, of course, no
would ask themselves: Well, let's listen to
see what Javi said what Joana said no no
no no [ __ ] the dal veira had gone up the
Gibel, the youtuber who said that about
bullying okay went up one night I didn't
He knew a lot and came up one night to talk
with me with the delo they put it to
A cool kid who has to be seen
that I had put this guy on my
straight that this guy had said I don't know
what they put it and now when I took it and
I saw the clip of that atrocity
what they said about bullying and what
afe and everything that happened happened they started to
defend defend it defend it It's done
if everything is what goes against
Yours is everything that goes against you
How are you going to complain about what they said?
They if you in 2019 eh You messed with him
you said [ __ ] a disgusting forum member one
forera the same the same the same is a
compared to the other obviously A
The best are words that today are not
I would use because I have much more
audience because I manage in others
terms and why but not that at that
forum member, look at you, the owner of the forum,
that he took so that you can see that they defend
Both the laws and what people say
judges and others the owner of the forum who is
This is the one that Tania, for example, defends.
because you have to see what I say to him
a woman not ugly that Marln is
Cuban is not the owner Marl Marln Bueno
in the report that the team made
The investigation found her.
they removed all the criminal records
eh And I was on the run Yes
man had had I don't know how many
criminal records already had a forum
previous eh that he had to remove it and
what he did was open it somewhere else good
the Forum of co tiando was thrown out of the
server can't have it in a
server neither American nor Spanish nor
that I do a search but that so much that
likes to be informed that makes a
Search for those affected by the forum
I realize you're not the only famous one in my life.
channel has Game Over every day host
many people are there the information is there
And those are the people that
in those videos they release insulting
I was insulting Javi that's why we say
The company was short.
who did the audit found I don't know
how many hundreds of thousands of
violations of hundreds of honor
thousands
feel sorry for me and now Tania is offended
because I have a cl when it comes to you
a climate look at it to see whether it is for or a
forera be a youtuber be a youtuber
whatever the story is or else no
What do you think of that c simply eh la la la
Marlen details the team
investigation takes out all the
criminal record and what it is
I had you remember But I had crimes that
were that they were how everything was related
with money issues and other issues
But economic things Yes yes it was but it is
That's why I don't give it so many
Back to this I told him the other day
in a
directly she has not sued me
because I didn't open directly in the same
moment I saw your like on the account of the
That disgusting guy if I open for a moment
at that moment I put it live so
back and forth I insult her so much that
It was what my body was asking for
She sues me. Of course she beats me and that's it.
does not mean that what you
what you did is disgusting
Tania, but let's see, let's see, what is this?
We have already clarified half a million
times that you are sued for a class
of insults and they condemn you, it does not give you the
reason the other to the other person in the
dispute That is to say, it does not give him the reason
another person does not have to have
reason why in the trial there is no
judging who is right in the
discussion is being judged that you have
used stronger expressions than the
another person she invented about
some judicial proceedings things
that according to her the judges have said and not
They have said it, eh? And that will have to be done.
you will see it because apart from her it is given
Chest beating stating that he has
read all the papers all the
documents that have such a trace in
folio So when you're saying it
What you are saying has to be true
but apart from that we'll see
I can condemn someone who commits a
violation of honor But within the
There are many types of violations of honor
Look, there are cases because every time I
They have sued not only when
They have sued me but for
inform me what my issue is
work when I have had to talk about
a demand from one youtuber to another
television program to another with
save me from lawsuits and things
have had Look there have been convictions for
violation of the honor of pages of
Facebook for approving comments or rather
comments that users had
made by Facebook page by
have it there those comments have been
convictions Where there have been convictions where
for example, he has allowed on his wall
which is similar to what you are saying
If you criticize your neighbors, I'm talking exactly.
of individuals, eh, there was one, there was one
one that was because a real estate agency
construction company I don't know what Because a
person who bought a building and did not
I was satisfied with the quality of I don't know
what did you write wrong in a forum about that
construction and it was a violation of the
honor and they condemned them eh one thing is
that I criticize maybe Hey then
you have to criticize the cases not O that is to say
I think the violation of honor is wrong
what have they done to him
eh is that Antonio avid for example no
Why Because there is a story there is a
There is a label, the one I am going to put
another example for Carmen not to be in
disagreement with me Rafael Marco Mira
look, see, everything has been put
nervous, huh?
n So there is no debate, Rafael.
Marcos Rafael Marcos the same thing
Behind that man is the story that
the woman has made the complaints
that he put accusing him of things of
atrocities that he had done to her
accusing him of having done it to her
things to the son everything to not give to the son
never Vale and Montero with all their grapefruit
calls him abused, treats him as
mistreated a person of the government is worth
Irena Montero is sentenced, okay, but it is
different man you have to see the
contexts the trifurca how are you Hey then
Look, well that's it, well, if I'm inside
a context in which I have told him
to manolita Eh Well look you ta ta ta ta
he has a bad mouth and and and and all my crime
is to have bad
language but but apart from that she doesn't
is in a position to criticize anyone
for having bad vocabulary and bad language
with the mouth that she has herself
I recognized the damn thing if they insult me
family I put it Look how it has become
That's why this small comment
that she was a mother Look how she has become
and there is no way to justify that
she and it was nothing bad here and
every time there is Look there is a There are a lot of
youtubers and there are a lot who are
defendants and they don't say it there are several me
I've already said it to me, they come to me because of
minus six or seven and they don't say it and I
I think Tania knows a few but not
He doesn't say it because they are not Javi Oliveira
But here we do spend the whole day
send us all to many people condemned
because in the end we all insult each other
We all operate on these terms, you
One day you're live, you get hot if
we handle in videos recorded along
better yet you know but how do we
we drive live and things happen and we
We manage in the world of gossip because
There would be hundreds of convictions, which
It happens that these are things that everyone
It doesn't sting as much as To sue or not
you get into that or it doesn't affect you that much or not
You are so obsessed with a thousand things but no
He who demands is worth more than he who does not
demand, that is, if you criticize the
insults and that kind of thing
insult you criticize everyone
only of the one who has it
condemned for it or because you how
you're going to take it and tell me that I am
a son of a [ __ ] that the other one is rabble
from South America that Go to hell
Go [ __ ] yourself, you cat in heat.
and one vile, crawling man brought down all things
What do you say to me when you are with me?
criticizing me for words
inferiors you understand Then they have a
double standard that is yours
Their condemnation is the rod
the double standards are going to end
very bad to see and that at a given moment
I can understand that at one point
in a moment of heat you can lose the
nerves and have a few more words
higher than others and if it is something specific it is
you can overlook you know what you
I mean when it is already something
recurrent
Damn, and the other day for
example But it can be recurrent
also look yo yo for many years
He didn't have any hair on his tongue
What was going through my head I'll tell you
I said I didn't give a damn that he was there
on the internet
what I eat was fighting with
Someone was going for everything, I didn't care and
all and it's happened with a lot of
youtubers or why haven't we started?
But now you either always think it's bad or not at all.
only when you don't like someone and you
you obsess over him or he gives you money or whatever
If you think it's wrong, you don't do it and you
It seems wrong with everything that you can't do
to be is the one that the ass that you have me
given to me lying about me and now
you are on a call with ar of Troy that
He says that we have to hit Smurfette and
burst his mouth until it bleeds
He has told us, pigs, sons of pigs
[ __ ] who doesn't deserve to live Carmen
psychopath man I think so Carmen
demand to ard of Troy evidently not
They are going to condemn him No
man we are not talking about that then
Of course they condemn him, no, no, but what?
He has also repeated it more times than ever.
has insisted has insisted on those
words Eh So it's not just once has
insisted and is current is doing it
now he is not doing it in 2020 2019
No, not now.
Well, well, family, let's go now.
Look, people don't leave, eh, people don't know
wants to go nothing nothing they want gossip eh
They want gossip to the max, it's true. Now in
the chat is true it is noticeable that it has been
position for members what
There has been peace in the chat, man.
When they are about these topics I will
put for members I'm so sorry that
There are people who take it badly
but one thing is the subject of the heart and
another thing here that I don't know how more of the
from our community no and period No no
and apart from that, when it comes to issues like this
sensitive to be controlling that it is not
say outrageous things, it's [ __ ] up, man.
if you make a mistake, family, subscribe to the
Teleindiscreta channel subscribe to
Elena d Ortega's Channel and subscribe to the
Alne Channel In
key that you spend a
good a good weekend that
Enjoy with yours, okay?
be good and see you soon, a kiss
huge bye kisses
bye